fresh	Fans of the franchise will be pleased, but those looking in from the outside of comic-book culture may find themselves also looking at their watches.
fresh	"Avengers: Age of Ultron" is a sometimes daffy, occasionally baffling, surprisingly touching and even romantic adventure with one kinetic thrill after another. It earns a place of high ranking in the Marvel Universe.
fresh	Whedon's sincere love of this stuff is in most every shot, and that affection is infectious.
fresh	We've seen this stuff before but Whedon does bring a creative touch.
fresh	Like most sequels, this one isn't as good as the original. There's plenty of action and loud noises, but many of the characters seemed weaker and not as well-defined or as vividly portrayed as they were in the first film.
fresh	... tops the original ... yet, somehow it felt like less ... it may be time to take a cue from Captain America II to keep the stock plot outline from showing through ...
rotten	More does not necessarily equal better; here, more is just ... meh.
rotten	...mostly registers as yet another Marvel punchplosion.
fresh	(Whedon is) less a thinker than a teaser, throwing out an inexhaustible amount of ticklish ideas and tasty images that thrill from moment to moment then disappear from memory.
fresh	A true ensemble piece of entertainment.
fresh	('Age of Ultron') is, to paraphrase an old saying, 10 pounds of movie in a five-pound bag.
fresh	Fully embrace this Avengers sequel in all its Marvel-ousness! Despite some minor flaws, Age of Ultron packs an expected and welcomed thrill-ride punch.
rotten	We have seen the future of the CG-saturated action epic and &#8210; upon emerging bruised and battered from the local megaplex &#8210; can say with certitude that it isn't pretty.
fresh	The marvel that was 2012's The Avengers receives a letdown of a sequel ... Make no mistake: This new picture is worth seeing, but the sense of magic is largely missing from a follow-up that subscribes to the Bigger Is Better theory.
rotten	Mr. Whedon seems to rely heavily on forced jocularity in lieu of substantial character development.
fresh	Avengers: Age of Ultron is the most substantial and significant Marvel film to date that is equally entertaining and electrifying.
fresh	Better than the average sequel, yet less sharp, fresh and energetic than I'd hoped, there's still plenty to enjoy about Avengers: Age of Ultron that makes it well worth the tons of dosh it's sure to pull in.
rotten	Like peering into the Dead Marshes for 142 minutes in IMAX 3D. All PG-13 robot carnage and no heart.
fresh	Joss Whedon seems the best-equipped to manage the sprawling franchise that demands a bigger cast and badder villain each time out.
fresh	On the surface, all the elements are there for a summer blockbuster, but... comparing this film to The Avengers, there is no competition.
fresh	The sharp, interpersonal dramedy that made the first movie such a delight is again present in flashes, but not infrequently it is drowned out by the noisy, inevitable need to Save the World.
fresh	The cast, OMG. There are more people crowded in here - either in major roles or in brilliant cameos (Andy Serkis, I'm looking at you) - than are at Walgreens' on prom night.
rotten	At 141 minutes, it's a miracle the movie is never merely mechanical, but like JARVIS or Ultron, it's not fully human, either.
rotten	Formula flick. Period. High tech, high voltage action followed by long stretches of boring dialogue before more high tech, high voltage action. It's too long by 20-minutes.
fresh	Sufficiently fun to be worth a look for superhero fans, although it's kept from greatness by the very nature of the Marvel Cinematic Universe.
fresh	Hitting society's central nervous system through the real fear of AI gone horribly rogue, this complete sequel package weaves together a rich story, rousing special effects and the sacrificial duality of being a superhero versus the layman.
fresh	For the most part, "Avengers: Age of Ultron" is the hard-charging, mind-boggling spectacle fans are looking for. Smash indeed.
fresh	Where the film falters is the action sequences, which are exciting and boost the adrenaline, but they have a repetitious, been-there-seen-that vibe.
fresh	A sequel as epic as it is overly ambitious and as sprawling as it is restless.
fresh	At risk of sounding too hyperbolic too soon, Avengers: Age of Ultron might be the best movie Marvel has ever made.
fresh	The cast is top-notch, and Whedon packs the script and the screen with cleverness as well as ka-pow. But even at 141 minutes, things still feel jammed and crammed.
fresh	For all its faults (and yes, there are plenty of them), this Avengers sequel is still a lot of fun.
fresh	The mayhem is clever but, functionally, Whedon is serving Disney's branding schemes first and his story and characters second.
rotten	World-saving is no longer a surprise to these characters. It's work. Grunt work. For them. For us.
fresh	Age of Ultron is part of a franchise that's going to make a billion dollars by Monday. But it still feels like one of Whedon's little sandboxes, blown up to a massive scale without losing any of its intricate resolution.
rotten	Overall, though, for all of its cheesy fun mixed with doom-and-gloom observations on the plight of humanity, this Avengers leaves us with the nagging feeling that we've been here too many times before.
fresh	The impressive thing about Marvel's Avengers: Age of Ultron is how writer/director Joss Whedon takes a narrative that is absolutely packed with superheroes and their backstories and all the action in between, and never lets it all feel like it's too much.
fresh	Bigger, bolder, and better than ever, the Avengers delivers smart, character-driven action-adventure sure to please audiences and break box office records.
fresh	Enjoyable at times, but there's just too much going on. Too many characters. Too many motivations. Too many weird allusions to things from previous movies that I barely remembered
fresh	Superheroes reteam for entertaining, action-packed sequel.
rotten	Avengers strike again -- but not as deftly
rotten	The law of diminishing returns strikes big-time in Avengers: Age of Ultron, an overstuffed mess of one-note characters, gaudy CGI, and bad one-liners.
fresh	Earth's Mightiest Heroes are back for a thrilling, fun and, dare I say it, darker film.
fresh	[Whedon is] a super-juggler. But on "Age of Ultron," he seems to have lost control of some of the balls. The new movie succeeds, but falls short of his incredible achievement on 2012's "The Avengers."
fresh	The biggest battle is the one between writer-director Joss Whedon and the massed forces of Marvel Studios.
fresh	You can't escape the feeling that Whedon and the gang are having a good time making the film, and want to share that glee with the audience. It's a franchise that has hit its rhythm.
fresh	The story is wider to the point of becoming unwieldy. But there is fun to be had here, as the heroes kid around with one another against the backdrop of mass destruction and mayhem.
fresh	If there is a more perfect movie out there, I don't know what it is.
fresh	This is indisputably a sequel in just about every sense of the word: bigger, louder, sillier (and not always in a good way), more ambitious and, alas, less satisfying than the film that came before it.
fresh	It's like we're watching consecutive episodes of a very large, very expensive TV show. You might love the show, but it's not exactly an "event" every time it's on, you know?
fresh	Delivers as the epic summer blockbuster film of 2015 again and again. Avengers fans won't walk out the theater disappointed.
fresh	A sense of the mechanical plagues this film.
fresh	If at least nine lead characters get their due in dramatic arcs, quippy zingers, and superhero showmanship, it is inevitable that it will be cluttered.
fresh	The plot is simple and the movie doesn't live up to the expectation. [FULL REVIEW IN SPANISH]
fresh	Tons of fun, easy to digest and just really enjoyable. [FULL REVIEW IN SPANISH]
fresh	This is a silver plate for the diehards of MCU. [FULL REVIEW IN SPANISH]
fresh	Yes, comic-book movies are crowding out everything else, are the eventual heat death of cinema, and so forth. But, man, there's just so much neat stuff here. Boom. Kapow.
fresh	Juggling movie stars, plot points and a massive amount of visual effects, Whedon manages to put together a sequel that is fast and funny. But befitting the robot of the title, this feels more like a machine than a movie.
fresh	It is a good sequel that ends with the promise of a better and more entertaining MCU. [FULL REVIEW IN SPANISH]
fresh	Definitely an efficient blockbuster, you will enjoy yourself at the movie theater... however it's the weakest entry of the last 3 Marvel movies. [FULL REVIEW IN SPANISH]
fresh	Overall, Avengers: Age of Ultron has everything fans have been waiting for. [FULL REVIEW IN SPANISH]
fresh	The Avengers return in an epic adventure with a little romance and tragedy to keep the spectacle grounded.
fresh	Age of Ultron is not disappointing but it is definitely not better the first one. [FULL REVIEW IN SPANISH]
rotten	I began to forget the breathless, teetering, tottering, careening, catapulting Avengers: The Age Of Ultron about 20 minutes into its 141 minutes... Zoom, quip, wham, smirk, quip, blam! Quip! Oh so much too-muchness on an inhumane scale.
rotten	It is, in short, more disposable than the mere mortal blockbusters it was designed to outpace. This should defy Marvel Studios mathematics. How can a movie with more stuff than its predecessors be less fun?
rotten	The thing's a behemoth. And as the franchise thunders on, it's also becoming more and more a bore.
rotten	[The sequel] has drained most of the joy, fun, and life out of these characters.
fresh	As much as you admire the polished, expertly choreographed entertainment...you feel as if they're putting on a gymnastics display or an extremely high-tech tap-dance routine.
rotten	When this finally ended I had an appreciation for how it feels to be unjustly convicted of a crime...and be released after 10 years when it was discovered you were not guilty. Sure, it feels good to be free, but who's going to give you back your time?
fresh	Not everything about Age of Ultron works... But long stretches of it are as good as anything Marvel Studios has produced, suggesting a bolder, more ambitious vision for the studio going forward.
fresh	Though advertised as a darker and more brooding follow-up, the real surprise of Ultron is how much in line with the first film's tone and structural beats this is.
fresh	It exemplifies what Marvel has always done, which is make the superhuman more human.
fresh	A Marvel blockbuster with more human touches than usual for this kind of fare.
fresh	The amazing thing about Avengers: Age of Ultron is that it's reasonably enjoyable while feeling less like a movie than an epic sowing of seeds for multiple Marvel properties.
fresh	It's to Whedon's credit that, among all the fighting and property damage, he makes just enough time to focus on the personal lives of some of his characters, but not so much that the movie gets bogged down by it.
fresh	There's still a thrill in seeing all of these comic book characters together in a movie. Even when it's just Ulysses Klaw.
rotten	Age of Ultron disappoints not because it's irredeemably bad but because it fails to achieve the level of its predecessor in nearly every facet.
fresh	Whedon & Co. provide more than enough glib jokes, FX spectacles and sweet human insights to make Age of Ultron a popcorn must for the rest of us in need of a little comic-book wisdom right about now.
fresh	Whedon is still Whedon, and the grace notes -- the snappy patter, the team dynamics, the "man, that was cool" moments -- go a long way.
fresh	Writer-director Joss Whedon attempts to inject just enough human drama into these noisy proceedings to keep it from turning into a Transformers-style crashathon.
fresh	The basic gist is easy enough to follow, even if most of the battle scenes, shot in a barrage of quick cuts and extreme close-ups, feel like watching a rugby match from inside the ball.
rotten	That Ultron's vocal delivery packs in more fun and personality than the other characters tells us that "Ultron" misfires on more than one metaphorical gas-injected cylinder.
fresh	The film is a work of craft, from the actors like Mr. Downey, who can deliver a comic line with the timing of a mouse trap, to the editors, Jeffrey Ford and Lisa Lassek, upon whom so much of the movie's very elegant fluidity rests ...
fresh	At this point the Marvel superhero movies are as machine-tooled as a Prius, and this one sticks closely to the blueprint that's made them box office titans.
fresh	You can sense that Mr. Whedon, having helped build a universal earnings machine with the first "Avengers," has now struggled mightily, touchingly, to invest this behemoth with some life.
fresh	With Marvel's universe expanding and intertwining at an ever increasing rate, "Age of Ultron" feels less like a sequel than a cosmic event.
fresh	Regardless, this time with Avengers: Age of Ultron, our socks were only tugged on, halfway flopping off our collective toes, but never blown quite off.
rotten	More of the same, just not as good--lots of sound and fury (along with some Fury) signifying very little.
fresh	Whedon is as interested in how the team works under stress as he is in the way pavement cracks under the collective weight of the Hulk and Stark's Hulkbuster armor.
fresh	By making the Avengers snarky rivals as well as brothers and sisters in arms, franchise Big Brain Joss Whedon injects exactly what such a noisy spectacle needs: a dollop of charm.
fresh	As before, the greatest fun is in watching the original Avengers, all fine actors who've made the characters their own.
fresh	"Age of Ultron" has self-aware laughs, grandiose themes and the best effects that money can buy. But at this point, it will take true vision to plot the umpteen sequels without getting trapped in a time loop.
fresh	Whedon's wit and invention are considerable...[but] the movies keep getting bigger, with diminishing returns. I find myself hoping against hope that Ant-Man will be really, really small.
fresh	As he did in the first "Avengers," writer-director Joss Whedon avoids the fatal trap of comic-book self-seriousness, leavening a baggy, busy, overpopulated story with zippy one-liners, quippy asides and an overarching tone of jaunty good fun.
fresh	Spader is so charismatic, so purely, quietly and wittily nasty, that he provides a welcome contrast to the rote wisecracking of our heroes, who are so busy trying to one-up each others' punchlines that they are beginning to come off like "Avengers' 11."
fresh	Joss Whedon again works out a way to make world-destroying forces colloquial, keeping the humanity in superhumans. Because of that humanism-it's a pessimistic film, certain that the sun is setting on the human race-Ultron works as mammoth entertainment.
rotten	A whole bunch of blather leads up to the same old climax with imperiled innocents and massive destruction.
fresh	Age of Ultron is a feast of visual delights, but plot wears thin. If Anthony Russo and Joe Russo (Captain America: The Winter Soldier), who are now taking over the Avengers series, want to keep the audience fully invested, some re-Assembly is required.
fresh	More bloated, but bolder than its predecessor, Avengers: Age of Ultron is every bit the 11th entry in Marvel's winning, world-dominating formula.
fresh	It's one you're going to want to see because when it shines, it shines bright, but Avengers: Age of Ultron is just a little worrying that the universe is already buckling under its own weight.
fresh	Okay as a diversion but nowhere close to matching any number of other singular superhero movies. (Full Content Review -- Sex, Profanity, Violence, etc. -- for Parents also available)
rotten	...the film starts out attempting to question the Avengers' place in the world and whether they really make a difference, only to forget to probe for an answer not long after the asking.
fresh	There seems to be a lot of pressure for Avengers: Age of Ultron to more than just a movie, which really hampers its ability to be a movie.
rotten	There is a significant lack of that human touch in Age of Ultron's very fabric, where the winning personalities of its core superheroes feel diminished, defeated and consumed by whatever algorithm keeps these movies going.
rotten	Joss Whedon has said that he's walking away from the Marvel universe after this, and after seeing Ultron, it makes sense; from the looks of things, this movie killed him.
fresh	Director Joss Whedon follows up his billion-dollar superhero smash the way most sequel makers try to up their game: by amping up everything everybody liked the first time around, plus more! More! More!
fresh	...a comic book movie, to be sure, but it's got enough spectacle, wit, and talent on display to make it a most entertaining kickoff to the season.
rotten	Black Widow chooses the Hulk over Thor? Females everywhere say "Huh?" The Avengers show absolutely no interest in each other. AGE OF ULTRON is soulless.
fresh	Talk about feeding the beast. Josh Whedon's never dull chapter in the franchise is practically bursting at its seams, relentlessly serving up just what the fans of this brand are expecting.
fresh	Age of Ultron can be a little unwieldy, but when it works, it works really well.
fresh	An entertaining package of characters and ideas that manages to be a whole lot more than the first film while also being a little bit less.
fresh	The action scenes are spectacular. But the slightly jumbled story and mob of new characters pulls focus from what makes the film work the best -- the original group of costumed characters.
fresh	It is the product of a machine perfectly evolved for the sole purpose of annihilating boredom.
rotten	Like the worst superhero movies, Avengers: Age of Ultron often feels like not-very-bright kids playing with action toys, holding them up by the ankles and making them fight or kiss or feud at whim and at length.
fresh	A middling film, yet it's so heavy with Joss Whedon's sweat that it never feels like a lazy cash-in --- which for a preordained summer megahit is an accomplishment.
fresh	Sometimes the super-heroism is just brightly colored junk food. And sometimes, it's a way of giving us a glimpse of how we flawed, messed-up, occasionally monstrous humans can sometimes prove ourselves worthy.
fresh	It feels as if this comic book franchise has become a never-ending cinema story. If future films are as well realized as Ultron, that's fine by me.
fresh	It would be silly to pretend that Avengers: Age of Ultron isn't good at what it does, that it's not proficient at delivering superhero thrills for those who crave them most.
fresh	Avengers: Age of Ultron may be very similar to the original film, but that's ok, for it still results in an equally thrilling ride.
fresh	The climactic act of "Age of Ultron" is full of colossal ka-booms and special effects, but it also has heft and reason and a bass-note of emotion.
fresh	It's a little overstuffed and a little overlong. One thing it's not, even a little, is disappointing.
fresh	Whedon has pulled off an impressive feat here, sustaining the intensity of a ripping adventure yarn while digging into a few of the characters a little more deeply, finding fresh ground to cover in a more satisfying epic.
rotten	Darker than its predecessor [and] far less witty ... Whereas Stark seemed to dominate the first film, here the emphasis is ... Hawkeye and Black Widow ... a negative in the case of Hawkeye and a huge positive in the case of Black Widow.
fresh	Age of Ultron is all rush and sensation with little substance. But what a feeling.
fresh	Like the first one, Avengers: Age of Ultron was written and directed by Joss Whedon, among whose many virtues is an indelible, infallible touch with character, which is important because in Ultron he has to introduce them at a furious rate.
rotten	Ultron is too full, of action and CGI, while also being nearly empty of genuine thrills. A talented cast impresses throughout, but the action ultimately overwhelms it.
fresh	Whedon is mostly up to the task of keeping all his balls in the air, though he's not above using some glib speechmaking and ridiculous action to divert your attention and keep your questions at bay.
fresh	This is Joss Whedon's riff on the trope of a darker sequel. Joss Whedon never met a cliche he couldn't deconstruct so this is a wonderful approach to a shared universe superhero team up.
rotten	"Avengers: Age of Ultron" is supercharged and lifeless, frenetic and stone-cold dead, a barrage of action scenes that look fake, yet make you wonder if fake is the new real.
fresh	The movie's brain quickly catches up with its big body, and writer-director Joss Whedon tops his 2012 outing with a more emotional sequel.
fresh	Avengers: Age of Ultron has its problems, but on a visceral, pure enjoyment level audiences are going to walk away more than pleased.
rotten	An inferior sequel that brings little joy to its grandiosity, "Avengers: Age of Ultron" carries the vague aroma of uninspired, box-checking functionality.
fresh	Joss Whedon brings along his "A" game for this installment, and it doesn't disappoint.
fresh	The only thing that adequately distinguishes these films is the all-important banter that occurs during down time.
fresh	An enjoyable, full-sensory superhero romp, it delivers no less than what one would expect from an Avengers film. At the same time, it delivers no more than that,either.
fresh	"Avengers: Age of Ultron" brings the best of all the Marvel worlds for the first explosive superhero thrill-ride of the year.
rotten	Enough fight scenes and action sequences for three Marvel movies, but they are rather nondescript.
rotten	Spectacularly overstuffed - it's more spectacle than substance.
fresh	Joss Whedon and his heroes and villains epic offers more this time around -- more characters, more plot points, more action -- and a few reasons for concern.
fresh	Still light and funny, but the novelty's worn off, and the bloat and repetition are starting to show
fresh	There is much to like about "The Avengers: Age of Ultron." There was much to love about "The Avengers," and therein lies the difference.
rotten	Writing and directing "Avengers: Age of Ultron," Joss Whedon proves he has a superpower of his own: mediocrity.
fresh	Lovable characters, just the right amount of humor and spectacular action make "Ultron" a worthy bridge to whatever happens next in The Avengers' universe.
rotten	Age of Ultron is a Western about military service: it's a call to arms to protect American values like the family and the home from East European types and electronic threats to security systems.
fresh	[I] loved most of the exchanges between the characters. Appreciated the Avengers' attempts to avoid destruction in population centers. The action scenes were very exciting and clever, but I had trouble keeping up with the visuals.
rotten	Joss Whedon sets up the future of the Avengers for the Russo Brothers, but this is no longer exciting. It's exhausting.
rotten	Sure, this is the A Team of comic book superstars, but overextended sequences don't make them any more impressive.
rotten	Age of Ultron, then, shows what happens when an unstoppable force (Joss Whedon's imagination) meets an immovable object (the Disney/Marvel behemoth).
fresh	Joss Whedon shows his considerable gifts for multicharacter air traffic control in a massive 3-D spectacle while demonstrating reserves of insouciance.
fresh	Whedon gets the elastic physical reality of comic books, and he knows how to frame a shot as though it were a splash panel come to life... But by the fifth digital showdown, the endless CGI spectacle begins to feel a little numbing.
fresh	Ultron is slyly funny. And it manages to balance this sort of comedy (I hooted when the Hulk listens to Maria Callas on headphones) with the tendency towards the sort of whacko-labyrinthine operatic complexity inherent in comic books.
fresh	No one can quibble with the efforts of the actors. Marvel cast well, and continues to expand their parts or add fascinating new players.
fresh	Everything [Whedon] did so well on the first meeting of these Marvel comic book creations he achieves once again, which makes for a movie both enjoyable and somewhat repetitive.
fresh	"Age of Ultron" proves that a movie with stealth fighter jets, levitating cities and Hulk-on-robot fisticuffs can be as freewheeling as a no-budget indie.
fresh	Entertaining as much of "Avengers 2" is, especially when it's just hanging out with the gang in between scuffles (the "Guardians of the Galaxy" lesson, learned), Whedon's picture meets expectations without exceeding them.
rotten	Thin on story, crowded with characters and padded with extraneous action. In other words, a sure hit!
rotten	Ultron maintains Marvel's record for solid, entertaining blockbusters but falls down a bit in the "making sense" department.
rotten	Most of these characters are great fun, and there are still stories to tell. So why not do it, instead of telling and retelling the same tale, only bigger?
rotten	A lot of movie, where not a lot is special.
rotten	The film struggles against the rigid formula that typifies the Marvel universe, but only does so up to a point.
rotten	Its problems may not have been so evident if it wasn't trying so hard to surpass the far better movies that preceded it.
fresh	This movie is fine, honestly. I rather liked it.
fresh	Pure, uncut comic-book fantasy...Whedon tames the beast into something spectacularly epic, if a bit exhausting: bursting with destructive mayhem but grounded by interesting character beats, rife with dark implications but seasoned with good humor.
rotten	At times it feels like it's a few handfuls of terrific actors away from being a 'Transformers' entry.
fresh	While it does feel rushed, and the overabundance of characters threatens to impede the focus, I was constantly engaged with the strong dialogue, humor and breathtaking action.
fresh	It aims to please. And, for the most part, this superhero extravaganza hits the bull's-eye with all the precision of Jeremy Renner's arrow-slinging Hawkeye.
fresh	"Avengers: Age of Ultron" is a kinetic, wicked mix of muscle and magic. Look no further if you want a world of superpowered freaks and geeks.
rotten	First, you try to understand what the hell is going on. Then you slowly realize that you will never understand what is going on. And, last, you wind up with the distinct impression that, if there was anything to understand, it wasn't worth the sweat.
rotten	Having bent the world to his will, Whedon, a modest and self-deprecating talent, has helped Marvel unleash a form of spectacle-laden blockbuster that, unfortunately, seems intent on obliterating what he does best.
fresh	Whedon may still be a maverick but the Marvel behemoth proves an ever more levelling corporate force.
rotten	141 minutes of noise and incident.
fresh	"Avengers: Age of Ultron" lives up to the hype...it gets darker than the first, and still manages to be just as funny and action-packed.
fresh	The chemistry amongst our heroes is once again terrific to watch, and the action sequences deliver both thrills and laughs.
fresh	It suffers from a bit of Transformersitis in laying on the action and effects too thick this time. The thrill may be gone in seeing these comic book icons together but the banter between them still works and it does have its moments of sheer fun.
fresh	There are only so many superhero smackdowns a body can take before it all becomes biff bam bore... the film is most entertaining when it finds the Avengers kicking back rather than kicking off, hanging around off duty and indulging in locker-room banter .
rotten	It was like Whedon thought about the 1st film and felt it wasn't deep enough, not realizing that its success was its comic book shallowness. It was just fun for audiences.
fresh	When it reaches its extended climax, however, Age of Ultron perfectly delivers huge action scenes with the requisite smaller heroic beats.
fresh	Whedon takes a few wrong turns, creating a jumble when the action gets too thick. But he recovers like a pro, devising a spectacle that's epic in every sense of the word.
rotten	When movies such as this come along which feel more like financial investments than stories, that's what you get: production line filmmaking in which human beings are incidental and even unnecessary in the face of computer-generated scale and spectacle.
fresh	No one needs to be told if he, or even she, likes superhero movies. If you like them at all, you'll adore Avengers: Age of Ultron.
fresh	Avengers: Age Of Ultron is smart, nimble and recognises that the one way to make yet more scenes of mass destruction involving is to give the story behind them a little heart.
fresh	Proves an action movie can have it all: smart without being convoluted, flashy without being shallow, fun without being hollow, and exciting without being dumb.
fresh	Despite a densely packed script chock-full of leading characters, there's rarely a moment where one is underplayed or ignored.
fresh	Although there are some longeurs when Whedon feels bound to plot a pathway to Marvel's next tranche of potential blockbusters, the witty repartee between stars at ease in their superhero skin leavens the odd lull.
fresh	When ten-cylinder push comes to jet-propelled shove, Whedon knows his audience, and supplies the required fireworks.
rotten	Like a magnificent cake sliced into too many slivers, the movie is at once too much and never quite enough.
fresh	Whedon wastes no time teaming them up for a blistering opening sequence that is thrilling. Unfortunately that segment is a high point in a film that swiftly becomes an exercise in ever-diminishing returns bar a few moments.
fresh	I walked out of the theater feeling like the survivor of an all-you-can-eat buffet.
fresh	The fact that Marvel announced its entire slate a few months back takes a lot of the impact away. If we didn't know about a Black Panther film, the mention of Wakanda would have been mind-blowing. Instead, it fell flat.
rotten	Any true drama is entirely missing. There is no tension. Everything has to stop for the next battle. It is tediously repetitive. And the characters are all one defining trait.
fresh	Marvel consistently puts out entertaining films which work towards a common goal - which is why it's mystifying that Avengers: Age of Ultron, nominally the best entry in phase two, is only mildly entertaining by comparison.
rotten	The film-makers' understandable inability to take their own material seriously has now pushed the project beyond gentle parody and into broad pastiche.
fresh	Not without problems, but continues the Avengers tradition of big, bold blockbusters that don't need to toss away thoughtfulness to remain pure popcorn fun.
rotten	The movie's action sequences and sequel-baiting suck up much of its oxygen, and the magnitude of battles dwarf the smaller moments.
fresh	Filled with plenty of laughs, great spectacle, and more cool characters than you can poke Loki's sceptre at.
fresh	Even though moviegoers looking for nonstop action will get their wish, Avengers: Age of Ultron is really at its best when it's focusing on the characters.
rotten	In many ways, Marvel has grown up and passed Whedon by - and his jocular take on the material doesn't just feel stale, it feels like a step back.
fresh	[N]ails the feeling of sitting and reading a stack of eight comics in one sitting
fresh	Marvel's latest is its biggest, baddest installment yet, but it's the little moments that make it work - in part, because Joss Whedon is so good at them.
fresh	It's hard not to admire how efficiently and enjoyably the myriad elements have been threaded together; Age of Ultron is a suitably well-oiled machine with an insatiable appetite for family friendly destruction.
rotten	A $250 million pile of poo.
fresh	Avengers: Age of Ultron is a perfect example of the kind of crowd-pleasing blockbuster that audiences expect in this day and age, though I don't think it will achieve classic-status like the first film.
fresh	Whedon weaves theses titanic characters and egos together to bind the bloated universe into a Long Island Iced Tea; the more you savour, the more you come to appreciate all the powerful and seemingly conflicting elements and motivations working together.
fresh	The symphony of destruction works because this blockbuster behemoth has an actual soul.
fresh	Despite the overall enjoyment factor of the film, with this, its eleventh film, writer-director Joss Whedon seems intent on pushing some of Marvel Films' more tiresome elements to the extreme.
fresh	Avengers: Age Of Ultron is a big, bold, funny, thrilling, absorbing triumph, and continues Marvel Studios' seeming push for world cinematic domination.
rotten	Avengers: Age of Ultron, is a letdown -- entertaining to a degree, but so overstuffed that it may mark the point of diminishing returns for the Marvel movies generally.
rotten	While the visuals are extraordinary and the wry humour is welcome, what's missing is a coherent story with light and shade
fresh	You'd be surprised how much slack you'll cut a film that features superheroes gently ribbing one another for 142 minutes.
fresh	Fortunately, returning director Joss Whedon understands how to craft a superhero movie just as well as Marvel knows how to sell one.
fresh	Avengers: Age of Ultron delivers the usual superhero suspects in a slick, if overlong, adventure that bungee jumps between banter and action.
fresh	Whedon brings a depth and wit to his storytelling that you will never find in a Transformers movie. Even so, the final showdown is a little anti-climactic.
rotten	It's hard to muster the attention span to care about Earth's Mightiest Heroes when we know they'll just be back to do it all again in a few years.
fresh	A welcome return of the Avengers amusing team dynamic and essentially asking "what more could you want?"
fresh	An entertaining compromise. Overloaded, but the execution of intimate character moments shine in what's essentially a bridging film
fresh	While "Avengers: Age Of Ultron" isn't perfect, and arguably less successful than "The Avengers," on a purely enjoyable moviegoing level, it should please fans hardcore and casual alike, and that's maybe that's all that really matters in the end.
fresh	In the moments where it all comes together, like the sure-to-be-iconic Hulkbuster sequence, this is the very model of what Marvel's been chasing since day one.
rotten	Avengers: Age of Ultron plays like an obligation, a box to be checked off on a list before all parties move onto the things they really want to do.
rotten	It looks great, but haven't we been here before?
fresh	Marvel movie die-hards will come away having found nuggets of pleasure, but those who complain about superhero sagas will find plenty to support their arguments here.
fresh	Ultimately, Avengers: Age of Ultron can't recapture the charm and majesty of seeing Earth's Mightiest Heroes assembled for the first time. That said, it's still a lot of fun and offers plenty of great action and character moments.
fresh	The result is a lot of everything, but the film never feels overcrowded: in fact, it's the interplay between the film's many different characters, rather than the blow-up-the-world crisis they're trying to defuse, that keeps you on the edge of your seat.
fresh	Giddy good fun as the Marvel movies consistently are-Age of Ultron's many battles swoop and clang nicely-they're no longer novel.
fresh	It's a superhero cavalcade of energy and fun.
fresh	Bigger and, yes, darker than the first, this is less air-punchingly gleeful but probably more consistent.
fresh	It doesn't have the fist-pumping highs of the first film, but AGE OF ULTRON is deeper, more emotional and all-around better.
fresh	There's a lot to like about Age of Ultron, but the coolest thing about it is the way it reclaims the comic book part of the phrase 'comic-book movie.'
fresh	Avengers: Age of Ultron succeeds in the top priority of creating a worthy opponent for its superheroes and giving the latter a few new things to do, but this time the action scenes don't always measure up ...
fresh	Whedon and his large, capable cast (even larger for this follow-up) deliver enough adventure, laughs and flat-out spectacle to ensure that audiences will feel as if they have gotten their money's worth ...
fresh	It ticks all the boxes for a summer blockbuster but you feel spandex fatigue is just being to creep into the Marvel Cinematic Universe.
fresh	There is so much going on in Avengers: Age of Ultron ... it feels like a minor miracle that not only the film makes sense, but that it's also somehow enjoyable.
fresh	Anchored by Whedon's trademark wit without becoming a tiresome zinger-fest, it's a thrilling and affable slice of impeccably crafted chaos.
fresh	As gargantuan as blockbusters come ... doubles down on action, sarcasm, and reference-heavy plot.
fresh	It has a definite mid-season feel to it, telling a compelling but never game-changing story while laying the foundations for the epic, two-part Infinity War due in 2018.
rotten	If you're happy to, as they say, just turn your brain off and watch your heroes fight, it's fine...But Marvel has set me up to expect stories a bit above that base level
fresh	If this is what the apotheosis of branded, big-studio entertainment has come to look like in 2015, we could be doing much worse. Unlike its title character, "Age of Ultron" most definitely has soul.
fresh	Massive, immersive and wildly entertaining, Age of Ultron gets the gang back together for a globe-trotting battle against a meager villain. Fun will be had by all.
fresh	Improves on its predecessor on many fronts even if it doesn't fully recapture the magic of the 2012 endeavour.
fresh	Age of Ultron [is] one of the most thoughtfully driven monster vehicles you are likely to see in a summer rammed with powerful, glossy, mechanised beasts.
fresh	A gooey plate of nachos that shouldn't constitute your whole diet, but is perfectly enjoyable for now, even when as congeals at the end into a wet, sloppy mess.
fresh	It is likely that this is the best Avengers movie that we'll ever see.
fresh	James Spader, another living, breathing reason we need a special award for voice work and casting at the Oscars because he was just the perfect choice for everything that Ultron had to offer and performed it incredibly.
fresh	The stakes on the line in this action adventure are not only sky-high but soul-deep. Whedon hits both points with an almighty wallop, resulting in a large canvas blockbuster that is as epic as it is profound.
rotten	Kevin James' buffoonish charm and the obvious product placement quickly run cold.
fresh	It doesn't break new ground in any way, but it relishes Kevin James hitting it for our pleasure as many times as he can-and sometimes that's enough.
rotten	If you find yourself in front of a screen where Paul Blart: Mall Cop 2 is playing you only have yourself to blame.
rotten	Although there have been worse sequels -- and worse overall movies -- make no mistake, that's hardly a recommendation.
fresh	A perfectly congenial, innocuous goofball comedy. It's not as funny as the first film, but it is funny enough...this chuckle-worthy little film has become subject to some of the most vitriolic reviews in recent memory; it is difficult to figure out why.
rotten	Paul Blart: Mall Cop 2 doesn't believe in the worthiness of its own hero. Why should we?
rotten	There are mediocre films, and then there are films like Paul Blart: Mall Cop 2, where the mediocrity is more or less the point.
fresh	No more than an excuse for James to play out his affable brand of humour - mixing physical slapstick with a verbose running commentary of both grandiose and self-depreciating observations on life and himself.
rotten	The only thing that stands out about this film is how hard it tries to be an average comedy. [full review in Spanish]
rotten	Maybe Paul Blart isn't spoofing John McClane after all; maybe these movies are actually too stupid to realize what they're imitating.
rotten	Paul Blart: Mall Cop 2 may be forgettable, but it's difficult to truly dislike.
rotten	This isn't much more than a fly's fart of a film, the most microscopically tiny of afterthoughts.
rotten	A sequel has a responsibility to cultivate its garden. Paul Blart: Mall Cop 2 never gets further than the fertilizer.
rotten	During Blart's awkward convention speech, a fellow security guard is so inspired, she yells out, "You go Paul Blart!" Yes, Paul Blart. You go. And take everybody involved with this mess with you.
rotten	Kevin James and Nick Bakay are credited as screenwriters, but that's only because "Taking Naps" and "I Went Out To Get A Sandwich" are not Writer's Guild credits yet.
rotten	A movie whose chuckles (six, I counted) are outnumbered by helicopter shots of the Wynn resort in Las Vegas.
rotten	You won't find much offensive in Kevin James's slick, innocuous vehicle Paul Blart: Mall Cop 2. You won't find much prompting an emotional reaction in general, so familiar are the jokes and situations.
rotten	Paul Blart: Mall Cop 2 takes a page from the Think Like A Man Too playbook by moving its sequel to Las Vegas, and a page from seemingly every other bad sequel by essentially remaking the original.
rotten	The plot is full of gaps in logic, motivation, physics and chemistry. Characters show up and vanish again as randomly as the targets in a game of Whac-a-Mole.
rotten	Caddyshack 2. Exorcist 2. Speed 2. To this small sample of the ever-expanding list of wretched movie sequels, add Paul Blart: Mall Cop 2, a gobsmackingly witless excuse for entertainment.
rotten	The proceedings are at their best when focusing on Blart's relationship with his daughter, but sadly that human element is forced to take a backseat to Blart's stopping a heist.
rotten	Far from the worst movie that you'll ever see, but you might leave wondering why you, the people on the screen, or anyone else in the theater even bothered.
rotten	Die-hard Kevin James fans will get additional mileage from it, but Paul Blart: Mall Cop 2 is a pretty easy pass for everyone else.
rotten	It is listless, boring and as flat to the floor as Paul Blart when he slams down in a coma or gets knocked down by a villain, a vehicle or a horse's hind hoof.
rotten	Like the first movie, Mall Cop 2 suffers from indifferent plotting and apathetic jokes that often don't appear to have punchlines.
rotten	Nothing here is remotely salvageable
rotten	The cinematic equivalent of biting into an old brown banana.
rotten	Truly, there is not a single redeeming moment in director Andy Fickman's film. A general flatness and lethargy permeates these reheated proceedings.
rotten	Nobody was expecting much from Paul Blart: Mall Cop 2, but did it have to be this unimaginative and lifeless?
rotten	Even with six years of preparation, the sequel feels slapdash, too reliant on James to bring the funny, and he's clearly struggling throughout this awkward return engagement.
rotten	There was a point where I was considering writing a will because this film made me want to leave this Earth.
rotten	Paul Blart: Mall Cop 2 is a boring, lifeless, lazily written movie with Kevin James' cheap, slapstick gags repeated ad nauseam.
rotten	More slapstick humor; strongest appeal for Kevin James fans.
rotten	Kevin James keeps falling on his face and colliding with heavy objects, this time in Vegas, in this tacky, numbingly inane sequel.
rotten	James tries hard, very hard, to inject the proceedings with slapstick humor, propelling his large body through endless physical contortions in a fruitless effort for laughs.
rotten	Your enjoyment (or not) of the material will depend solely on whether you find James' portrayal of this character entertaining. (Full Content Review -- Sex, Violence, etc. -- for Parents also available)
rotten	Even the title is lazy.
rotten	Tragically unfunny. More of an excuse to promote the Wynn resort than a real movie.
rotten	It's like Die Hard if Bruce Willis was overweight, socially inept, clumsy, and kind of dimwitted.
rotten	This wisp of a plot is just an excuse for James to do his one trick over and over: Bluster, then screw up humiliatingly. Is it never funny? No, it's not never funny. It's just not funny nearly often enough.
rotten	The theater echoes with the sounds...of silence.
rotten	It takes approximately thirty seconds for Kevin James and Nick Bakay to undo any existing good will viewers might have for its predecessor. "Paul Blart: Mall Cop 2" succeeds only at being aggravating.
rotten	It's better than some of the other titles in the Kevin James back catalogue ... but that's like saying one bout of syphilis was better than another bout of syphilis.
rotten	Here's our list of 20 things that aren't quite as bad as Paul Blart: Mall Cop 2.
rotten	A soulless sequel. [full review in Spanish]
rotten	It's not that the film is particularly loathsome, or that Blart is an overweeningly horrible character. What rankles is that he's barely anything at all; a stereotype of a stereotype; a half-remembered punchline; a stomach with a moustache and wheels.
rotten	Hard to believe, I know, but this is a real movie that real people have unashamedly put their names to. Because a sweet paycheck trumps human dignity.
rotten	So mordantly witless that it takes on the quality of a bleak art-house tragedy.
rotten	What would a film be like if every single person involved made as little effort as humanly possible?
fresh	...while the effects shots and stunt work keep you on the edge of your seat, you can't shake that feeling that it's all one Wile E. Coyote gag from a Looney Tunes cartoon.
rotten	... a handful of dazzling action set pieces and impressive stunts will delight fans, even if they don't make much narrative sense or contain much subtlety or surprise.
fresh	Either get out of the way or go along for the ride
fresh	To really enjoy these films, it is important to understand that at their core, they are comedies.
fresh	A big, noisy, ridiculously diverting time, that not only gives a proper sendoff to the character of Brian O' Conner, but manages to be a whole lot of fun in the process.
rotten	The action scenes are ridiculous and implausible, but they are undeniably entertaining. Everything else, though, is drudgery.
fresh	Has a heightened sense of mortality giving the series stakes for once, born of tragic circumstances due to the passing of Paul Walker, handled deftly by director James Wan
fresh	Operating with the same adolescent, bacchanalian glee of a comic book... Furious 7 thrusts the series to new heights of intensity, emotion, and head-shaking absurdity.
fresh	If this episode is a little less coherent than the previous two, it's still very much a Fast and Furious movie, which means it's two tons of fun.
fresh	A captivating combination of camaraderie and cartoon physics tempered by just enough nostalgia to tug at your heartstrings.
fresh	Once you've defeated gravity in one scene, why not just keep doing it?
fresh	The victory lap of Furious 7 proves there's still plenty of gas left in the tank.
fresh	Though many scratched their heads when Aussie filmmaker, James Wan, was tapped to replace the departing Justin Lin in the director's chair, he proves to be a perfect fit.
rotten	Wan and Morgan, stuffing another plot into the main plot like a cinematic turducken, justify a series of jaw-dropping car stunts in settings such as Azerbaijan and Abu Dhabi.
rotten	With heroes like these, who needs terrorists?
fresh	Put simply and bluntly, Fast & Furious 7 is great, thrilling, balls-to-the-wall entertainment. It's not only, and easily, the best in the F&F series, it's one of the best car operas you're ever likely to see.
fresh	Paul Walker's action scenes excite without feeling exploitative and the finale saves it. The bummer is that "Furious Seven" needs saving, as too much of it feels more like joyless, obligatory and bereaved due diligence than a fist-pumping thrill.
fresh	It's pretty great. Or at least, it's pretty much exactly the movie it should be, even with all its lumps and missteps.
fresh	Rev your engines... and grab the tissues. Furious 7 delivers the same outrageous thrill ride you expect , but tears will also flow for the late Paul Walker.
rotten	7 disappoints a little because it doesn't go off the rails enough, especially in comparison to the last two movies.
rotten	Along with all of the nonsense, Furious 7 is built on a series of forced dialogues and a bad mix of different movie genres that make the story hard to believe.
fresh	The special effects are simply spectacular.
fresh	It's becoming increasingly hard to outright dismiss this franchise, even if every nuanced critical bone in my body would love to do so.
fresh	The action and chase sequences are visceral and triumphant but Furious 7 is undone by a misogynistic streak that runs all the way through the movie and director James Wan's relentless objectification of its female characters.
fresh	The director, James Wan, sends cars repeatedly airborne and seems himself to marvel at the results; the movie's real subject is the stunt work, but its stars' authentic chemistry lends melody to its relentless beat.
fresh	Explosive, spectacular and surprisingly touching, Episode 7 is a fitting tribute to Paul Walker.
fresh	'Furious Seven' is not the best movie in the series. It is a fine farewell tribute to (Paul) Walker and a dizzying popcorn feature.
fresh	The film-makers give Paul Walker and his Brian O'Conner character a graceful farewell - perhaps that's what's most memorable.
fresh	While there's a deeply sentimental tone throughout, Furious 7 is also the biggest, loudest, and "holy crap that was incredible!!!" chapter yet.
fresh	It's flying cars and explosions. Chitty Chitty Bang Bang Bang Bang.
fresh	I'm not ashamed to say (ok, maybe a little) that I cried like a baby at the end - but I didn't ugly cry. A perfect ending to this 7 film ride and they should just stop now and leave on a high note.
fresh	The action sequences are ridiculously over-the-top... but they're done in a semi-comedic way that is still entertaining.
fresh	A deafening orgy of explosions, car chases, well-polished bumpers (human and automotive), explosions, fist-fights and more explosions.
fresh	As zippy, playful and amiably preposterous as the best of the previous models.
fresh	Yes, it's just more junk in the trunk, but it sure leaves your heart racing.
fresh	"Furious 7" could have come across as ghoulish, but it's not until the very end that we're reminded of Walker's fate, and the filmmakers handle it with taste and respect.
fresh	While the story ran out of steam long ago, there's plenty of action and excitement that kept the engine going. Another fun ride and first rate entertainment.
fresh	The film ends on a sentimental note with a tear-jerking tribute to the late Paul Walker. The audience applauded at the end. I did too. Many of us sat through the credits hoping to see a Fast 8 teaser. There isn't one. None of us want this series to end.
fresh	For now, let's just marvel at how much mileage the studio has gotten out of what are basically 1950s-style "B" programmers supercharged for contemporary audiences.
fresh	The ending of Furious 7 is downright touching...
fresh	Spectacular stunts, a touching send-off for Paul Walker and pedal-to-the-metal action make this one furiously good - best in the series so far.
fresh	It's Dom's story -- so fun and funny and exhilaratingly over the top -- that resonates.
rotten	Furious 7 is louder and crazier than the previous films, but crazy in a sense that is borderline mentally ill. Its brainless and senseless action is almost as offensive as its terrible jabs at humor.
rotten	I have now seen all of the Rapido y Furioso movies, and I can recall almost no salient details about any of them.
fresh	Rather than simply ignoring physics, it downright defies physics with what we see happen on screen. The result is a giant Looney Tunes car chase for more than two hours.
rotten	It remains a reliably entertaining series but if its to go on much longer those in creative control will have to sit down and think hard about how to give future sequels more life than pyrotechnic polish.
fresh	Fabulously stacked with furiously over the top, in a good way, action. Call it Car Wars.
rotten	A tedious, vapid and over-produced bore that will surely please the shallow masses who are unashamedly entertained by bread and circuses.
fresh	Who would have thought that a series addicted to the high of movement could also summon a solemnity that leaves you moved?
fresh	It's bananas -- a loud, crackpot joyride and you'll love every messed-up minute of it.
fresh	The gloriously idiotic, jingoism-tinged pro wrestling morality play that Michael Bay has been trying to make for his entire career.
fresh	James Wan ("The Conjuring") steps out of his genre to supervise traffic and he does an excellent job.
fresh	This whole series is little more than adolescent boy wish fulfillment; and as a former adolescent boy that is cool with me.
fresh	A tactful and touching legacy for Paul Walker, "Furious 7" is a relentlessly action-packed thrill ride that actually has a story, too. Its fun is propelled by characters you give a frick about even if you've never called yourself a franchise fan before.
fresh	Furious 7 is another solid Fast and the Furious installment - one that (flaws aside) provides a nice farewell to star Paul Walker.
fresh	The movie that is staggered by real life tragedy but refuses to be felled; it blurs the line between the world of the characters and the real world in a way that is so effective and affecting that the finale packs a humongous emotional punch.
fresh	Takes no names. Saves no places... The racing franchise continues bigger and better...
rotten	Has a lot of the same problems as its most recent predecessors. The dialogue is flat, the action scenes are over-edited so that it's not always clear what you're looking at, and situations often get so implausible that it becomes a distraction.
fresh	Furious 7 is undeniably satisfying and mostly fun. More than pure escapism, however, it also serves as a fitting tribute to its costar Paul Walker, who was killed in a car accident while on a break during filming.
rotten	James Wan directs Furious 7 like a boy tossing his Matchbox cars and action figures down the steps.
fresh	The only grace note in this otherwise determinedly graceless movie is the classy way Walker's exit is handled. To say more is to say too much.
fresh	I have never once, not ever, been genuinely disappointed in a The Fast and the Furious movie. It is, by far, the most satisfying franchise in American action cinema... That being said, something is very slightly off in Furious 7.
fresh	Furious 7 is exactly what most popular movies are today: behemoth amusement rides adding more preposterous loop-de-loops with each sequel because nothing succeeds like excess. No brand does that better than the Fast & Furious franchise.
rotten	The latest instalment of the franchise cost a pretty penny, yet often feels less like a slick blockbuster than a demented day-time soap.
fresh	A masterful cavalcade of carefully orchestrated vehicular mayhem, a dose of high-octane escapism ramped up to ridiculous, fantastical extremes.
fresh	Furious 7 kicks the biggest and hardest, but it's far from the best.
fresh	This is an immensely entertaining movie, and if the filmmakers are wise, they'll quit on this high note.
fresh	It's Mission: Impossible with extra emphasis on "impossible," & a gleeful anarchistic disregard for how often it jumps the shark (& a few skyscrapers) because it's having too much damn fun to care.
fresh	Trust me when I say absolutely nothing's been left out of Furious 7. A thrill ride from beginning to end.
rotten	It's time to come back to earth, which this film only does in its memorial coda to Paul Walker, a fine sendoff which doesn't take the road most traveled.
fresh	he stunts are pure insanity, and the best part is, even though I'm sure there is a sizable helping of digital effects involved, there is a lot of actual, old-fashioned stunt work on the screen ...
fresh	Suspension of disbelief is a must and watching Paul Walker in his last movie is like watching a ghost. It's uncomfortable at times.
fresh	Overall, it's a job well done and, ultimately, a fitting tribute to both the late actor and his character. (Full Content Review -- Sex, Profanity, Violence, etc. -- for Parents also available)
fresh	Furious 7 is everything you expect it to be. An over-the-top car chase film jam packed with fist fights, gun battles, insanely awesome set pieces and lots of dialog about family.
fresh	State-of-the-art automotive uproar, room-wrecking MMA-style smack-downs, and wild stunts performed by real live people.
fresh	Soap opera with supercars and explosions. Pitch perfect tribute to Paul Walker. What's not to love?
fresh	Furious 7 has so much adrenaline and testosterone that women who see the movie could become pregnant.
rotten	...lazy and annoying, devoid of any hint of what might have once made it interesting. But that is not to say that there aren't exciting moments, it's just that none of them add up to anything we care about.
fresh	If you gave a 15-year-old boy $250million and told him to go away and make a movie, the result would probably look like this.
fresh	It's not a magnificent seven but fans will certainly lap it up.
rotten	It's all entertaining enough, I suppose. But there's a twisted coldness under the action that's anxiously concealed by the characters' refrains of the importance of "family" and sticking together and other ostensibly nice stuff.
fresh	The real stars of these films are the bonkers action setpieces, and "Furious 7" achieves new high points in that department.
fresh	It's not the best "Furious" but it's far from the worst.
fresh	The story is an appropriately flimsy excuse for a series of undercards - Statham vs. Rock, Tony Jaa vs. Paul Walker (twice), Michelle Rodriguez vs. Ronda Rousey.
fresh	It's all dumb, but it's wonderfully, comfortably dumb in just the right way.
fresh	The brashest, noisiest, most ludicrously outrageous in the series so far. No surprises there... What is unexpected is quite how tender and poignant the film should turn out to be, a touching farewell to departed star Paul Walker.
fresh	Furious 7 is basically a live action version of Grand Theft Auto, with a touching tribute to its fallen star - Paul Walker.
fresh	This is a franchise where the filmmakers and stars willingly embrace the absurd so going in your motto should be 'everything is impossible, but awesome.'
fresh	Fun, exciting and emotionally involving, this sequel delivers the best qualities of this series and a stirring tribute to the late Paul Walker.
fresh	"Over-the-top" doesn't cut it as a descriptor for these movies any more - there needs to be an adjective for whatever is above "over-the-top", because that's what F&F7 is.
fresh	Though its respect for road safety or, indeed, logic, is flimsy at best, Fast & Furious 7 is also an undeniably enjoyable ride.
fresh	It's perhaps fitting that the best part of Furious 7 is that it has drive. This is a film that knows what it wants to be, and it delivers it both with impact and precision.
fresh	The monster muscle-car franchise continues to relentlessly assault the senses in this globe-trotting sequel, with horror maestro James Wan's direction adding extra high-style brilliance to proceedings.
fresh	"Cars don't fly!" is the recurring cry in Fast and Furious 7 and in scene after improbably hilarious heavy-metal crashing scene, this idea is disproved.
rotten	Spectacular action, chases, races and fight scenes are combined with plotting and dialogue of mind-numbing crudity and plenty of shameless product placement in the latest sequel.
rotten	What transpires is grimmer than what's come before, and without the sense of fun, the absurdity of the action becomes less enjoyable.
fresh	Superior set pieces continue to sustain this most dumbly enjoyable of franchises ...
fresh	leaves us hoping for more four wheel mayhem in the future
fresh	A remarkably satisfying and entertaining action movie, one of the best in the series. Put your brain in neutral and enjoy the ride.
fresh	Furious Seven may only be 'good' by way of the [Howard] Hawks Rule, but nonetheless, it's damn good at what it sets out to do.
fresh	The movie doesn't hold together as well as the previous chapter, but that's really a function of expanding the cast still further.
fresh	A number of the sequences verge on the obscene, in terms of credibility, and if you thought these films disregarded the laws of physics in the past, well, Wan has simply gone ahead and dispensed with them.
fresh	Furious Seven provides what viewers have come to expect from the long-running The Fast and the Furious series: a string of high-octane, physics-defying action scenes loosely connected by a narrative that occasionally makes rudimentary sense.
fresh	The film follows an exceedingly well-traveled road, though the formula-a crew of racer-adventurers who put dual premiums on speed and family values-has been spiked with ever more spectacular, or preposterous, effects.
rotten	A huge, galumphing bore...the maelstrom of mayhem very quickly becomes an orgy of stupidity, and a remarkably tedious one at that.
fresh	For a franchise known for cheesy, heavy-handed lines, Furious 7 served up a classy, heartbreaking send-off for its departed star, one that acknowledged the tragedy of real life without allowing it to overwhelm the fictional world.
fresh	Those actors are good. But the movie survives and thrives on big explosions and even bigger explosions.
fresh	Although it's too long by a good 30 minutes, watching Furious 7 is about as much fun as you can legally, safely, and sanely have without crashing your own Lykan Hypersport through Abu Dhabi's famed Etihad Towers complex.
rotten	The story takes place in LA, Abu Dhabi, Tokyo, and the Caucasus Mountains, yet Wan has so few ideas about how to choreograph and edit action that the elaborate stunt sequences all feel exactly the same.
fresh	Furious 7 is incapable of being indictable: it's pure popcorn escapism, brashly dumb and knowing at the same time. Like its central muscleheads, the film is aware it's breaking all the rules.
fresh	This combination of the earnest with the ridiculous is exactly how Fast & Furious draws you in.
fresh	If it turns out that this really is the last Fast & Furious film, it's a good note to go out on.
fresh	Watching Furious 7... one gets the distinct impression that, when faced with a creative choice, the filmmakers asked themselves, "What's the most insane, over-the-top thing we can do here?"
fresh	The ramrod-serious Diesel and Statham sell the dialogue, anyway. So do the more lighthearted Johnson and Tyrese Gibson. Johnson and Gibson wring laughs from obvious jokes. The acting champ of 7, though, is Michelle Rodriguez.
fresh	When a film is this exciting in its action set pieces and this meaningful in its quiet moments, the filmmakers are getting it right.
fresh	James Wan embraces the series' visual hallmarks with what translates to unencumbered glee onscreen.
rotten	The grunted catch-phrases, the implausible escapes, the plot holes the size of the Bonneville Salt Flats - it's all pitched at a particular audience like a dog whistle that fully grown humans can't hear.
fresh	At this rate, the next chapter will have to take place in outer space. Fast & Furious: Venusian Drift.
fresh	It took seven movies, but "Furious Seven" can be counted as the franchise's first unequivocal success, a go-for-broke extravaganza of gripping tension, unbelievably wild stuntwork, and a beating heart that doesn't feel prefabricated.
rotten	This is a cockamamie amalgamation of absurd car chases, ridiculous fights, and more noise than you can tolerate blasting away at you for almost 2 1/2 hours with no coherent plot or raison d'etre outside of big box office.
fresh	Start your engines.
fresh	"Furious 7" buzzes with a frenetic energy so contagious, there's no sense in resisting it. Like its predecessors, this film has no shame about being its high-octane, gloriously ridiculous self.
fresh	If you've bought into the series overall thus far, you're not going to want to miss Paul Walker's final ride.
fresh	"Furious 7" is not as zippy as "Fast Five," my favorite of the ones I've seen, but it has its satisfactions; its global audience is built-in, as well as strapped in and ready to ride.
fresh	Some things succeed without being an outstanding achievement. Larry the Cable Guy, Justin Bieber, Spam. To that cavalcade, let us add the likable, repetitive, chaotic "Furious Seven."
fresh	This one sticks with you. Forget the plot bumps, muscle acting, and tweet-length dialogue. Finishing the film in Paul Walker's honor clearly brought out the best in everyone.
rotten	In Furious 7, the unstoppable Fast and the Furious franchise sputters and stalls, edging from spectacular, tongue-in-cheek B-movie fun to soulless, insulting inanity.
rotten	Big and numbingly loud, "Furious 7" jets around the globe so we can watch cars crash, explode and repeatedly defy gravity. If that sounds like a great way to spend two hours and 17 minutes, read no more.
fresh	It's the kind of movie in which the endlessly antagonistic villain and hero express their boiling hatred by driving head-on into each other's rides. At high speed. Twice.
rotten	Physics and Gravity be Damned! "Furious 7" Aims to Please.
fresh	Loud, long and laughably over-the-top, Furious 7 is one of the best pure action movies ever made.
fresh	For their seventh adventure, the Fast & Furious cast and crew continue to outdo themselves with mind-boggling stunt driving and outrageous action mayhem...
fresh	Furious 7 is so giddy and overblown that its bloated runtime is more of a blessing than a burden.
fresh	Hey, action flicks aren't supposed to make you cry!
fresh	The nicest thing I can say about Furious 7 is that if it were the end of the franchise, it'd be a fine and fitting one.
rotten	Alternately entertaining and annoying.
fresh	As long as you're willing to buckle your seat belt, disengage your brain and just go along for the ride, there's also no small amount of fun to be had.
rotten	As for the plot, there is one. As for the acting, it's there in the sense that actors are onscreen moving around and saying words that don't make sense.
fresh	James Wan came up in the horror ranks and gave the world the first Saw... If "F&F" fans feared that he would tamper with the box-office formula and end up slaying and gutting this cinematic golden goose for shocks and giggles, they can rest easy.
fresh	Delivers the goods, and then some.
rotten	Here and there, we get the imaginative and outrageous stunts this series is famous for, but mostly the movie plods along, muscling through without much life or spirit.
fresh	"Furious 7" is the fuel-injected fusion of all that is and ever has been good in "The Fast and the Furious" saga that began in 2001 with souped-up cars and a stripped-down story about a tightknit East L.A. street racing crew.
fresh	The series will doubtless continue on with Diesel, Rodriguez, Johnson, and the rest, but in the meantime, Furious 7 comes to the most conclusive and emotionally satisfying ending since, fittingly, the very first film.
rotten	Head-slappingly stupid
fresh	Kind of like the Avengers, only more racially diverse, and marginally less bound by the laws of physics or common sense.
fresh	You're left wondering if there is such a thing as too much.
fresh	Yes, "Furious Seven" is incredible. I spent just about the entire running time either with a huge smile on my face or cackling hysterically.
rotten	It turns out 2011's "Fast Five" wasn't a turning point for the series, just a wildly entertaining fluke.
fresh	Furious 7 offers edge-of-the-seat excitement with outlandish action sequences, inventive stunts, hilarious cartoonish moments and even some touching emotion.
fresh	It is, perhaps, the ultimate proof that a ridiculous movie and a good movie aren't mutually exclusive.
fresh	There will no doubt be better movies released in 2015, but "Furious 7" is an early favorite to win the prize for most picture.
fresh	There's so much destruction at the climax that it's like an apocalypse with a happy ending. Furious 7 is the demon love child of Fast & Furious 6 and a Mad Max movie.
fresh	...if the series gives in to its worst impulses going forward, we fans have a good, satisfying stopping point.
fresh	All laws of velocity, geometry and air-traffic control are so flagrantly disobeyed, you just won't be able to wipe the dopey grin off your face.
fresh	The sheer implausibility is entertaining, yet it feels as if nothing is really at stake: everyone has nine lives.
rotten	This is Wan's first major Hollywood production after more than a decade of profitable horror outings including Saw and Insidious, and it's disappointing that neither the gonzo gore of the former nor the calculating restraint of the latter register here.
fresh	It's an enormous, steroidal blast, and as much ingenious fun as a blockbuster can be.
fresh	This is the pinnacle, people. This is everything they've got.
fresh	Fast-moving fight scenes, outrageous auto antics and a sprinkling of ridiculous one-liners make Furious 7 a campy, crowd-pleasing escape.
fresh	'Furious 6' was "dumb fun" to a breaking point. 'Furious 7' revives the franchise with cohesion and elegance.
fresh	Seventh entry in the high-octane franchise won't disappoint fans, and serves as a moving tribute to star Paul Walker.
fresh	The most gleefully meat-headed franchise going has intersected with real-life tragedy and handled it with surprising grace. Meat-headed grace, sure, but grace nonetheless.
fresh	I daresay Furious 7 is best of the lot since the original. Fasten your seatbelts, suspend your disbelief, and enjoy the ride!
fresh	A slim excuse, and a perfectly good one, for trotting around the globe, blowing up drones in Los Angeles and sending Lebanese sports cars crashing through Abu Dhabi skyscrapers.
fresh	The good news is that Furious 7 offers more - and more, and yet more - of the same.
fresh	It lays bare that the franchise's most radical asset is also its most conservative: an overriding emphasis on, above all else, the on-screen family.
fresh	There won't be a faster, more furious movie this year.
fresh	You'll end up so unashamedly engrossed by Furious 7 that you'll forgive its blatant disregard of narrative, subtlety and gravity and just enjoy and appreciate the rollicking ride for what it is.
fresh	It certainly aims to be no less than the ultimate action movie, which, for some filmgoers, translates into the ultimate movie, period.
fresh	"Furious 7" is the biggest, silliest movie in the "Fast and Furious" franchise, officially transforming the series into "The Avengers" with muscle cars. But what's wrong with big and silly?
rotten	Car racing, vengeance, logic-defying stunts and stuff blowing up. Too much stuff blowing up, really. We came for the cars and their reckless, gorgeous drivers; we can get explosions anywhere.
fresh	Screeching incomprehensibly from one stunt-filled set piece to the next, Fast And Furious 7 is an exuberantly high-octane ride across a ridiculously elaborate plot.
fresh	Ranks a very successful fourth place overall, with at least one gargantuan set piece that ranks among the series' finest.
fresh	A group more bulletproof than The Avengers, causing more mayhem than General Zod. Think Universal doesn't have a superhero franchise? Think again.
fresh	This film isn't taking itself too seriously, and it certainly doesn't expect us to.
rotten	Too long, too convoluted, too sentimental, and too ridiculous. Some will say those are its good points. Will they embrace the homoeroticism too?
fresh	Furious 7 hits every note that it must to satisfy fans and effectively pay tribute to Walker in his final on-screen performance.
fresh	"Furious 7" isn't so much goodbye as it is merely the end of something.
fresh	Nothing is impossible in his no holds barred thrilling actioner in which cars leap from planes, skyscrapers and cliff-tops as stunts accelerate to levels that almost break the sound barrier
rotten	"The logic-free, consequence-free property damage is never very involving. Furious 7 is sure to be the most lucrative entry of the series. But if you give it any thought at all, it will leave you feeling carsick."
fresh	Everything about F&F 7 is supersized, from the actors to the running time to the scope of urban destruction.
fresh	So fast, furious, ginormous, crazed, maxed-out and heart-on-sleeve emotional is this gloriously ludicrous instalment that it's impossible to see where an eighth could go.
fresh	The face-to-face punch-ups are a lot of fun. The Statham-Johnson smackdown resembles nothing more than two shaved pitbulls in a tumble dryer.
fresh	The final shot could not be more perfect. Tears will be shed.
fresh	I found myself unexpectedly shedding a tear at the film's perfectly judged, sunbathed, final fade to white.
fresh	Diesel & Statham test each other's manhood by playing a game of car chicken, smashing into each other at maximum velocity in a tunnel - Furious 7 is the Large Hardon Collider.
rotten	"Furious 7" finds the franchise at an unwanted crossroads, but it makes such a play for the diehard fans that it leaves everyone else at somewhat of a loss.
fresh	It's impossible to watch Furious 7 and not think about [Paul] Walker the entire time. And as much as I enjoyed Furious 7 ... I found myself feeling incredibly sad. Most of the time, it feels like one long goodbye.
fresh	Furious 7 knows its audience and delivers exactly what they want, including an exciting last act with a huge pay-off.
fresh	The hit muscle-car franchise does itself and the late Paul Walker proud with a solid seventh entry.
fresh	Furious 7 is the perfect popcorn movie and there is no better way they could have paid tribute to Paul Walker.
fresh	The most over-the-top sequences the filmmakers could imagine, and each one is as fun as the last.
fresh	The filmmakers are well aware of how silly this franchise has become. They're more than happy to keep the good times rolling, just so long as they can keep finding new and amusing ways in which to drive cars irresponsibly and destroy buildings at will.
fresh	Stupendously stupid and stupidly diverting.
fresh	As a relentlessly paced action movie, Furious 7 is an excellent entry for those who would appreciate this sort of thing. As a memorial for one of its own, it's about as affecting as big, loud, ridiculous action movies get.
fresh	Furious 7 is an in-your-face assault of awesomeness under the guidance of James Wan, who saves a more lax story by orchestrating a metallic ballet of kick-ass proportions.
fresh	A fitting and moving send-off for Walker that still delivers the knowingly absurd stunts that Fast fans have come to expect.
rotten	There are indeed faster and, sadly, significantly more furious movies in the Fast & Furious canon.
fresh	This pseudo-scientific contemplation of beating the process of aging is questionable from the start, but it's a bold and risky sci-fi in which logic isn't its primary source of dramatic gravity.
rotten	A muddled mixed bag containing some fascinating ideas, a handful of terrific scenes and some good performances.
rotten	By the time its two hours are finished, you might feel as though you've aged two years instead.
rotten	Blake Lively holds together a film that deserves to fall apart
rotten	What a throwback pleasure director Lee Toland Krieger's latest would have been, if it weren't so exasperatingly unfocused.
fresh	Age of Adaline surprises you with its warmth and sweeping romantic notions, despite its severely flawed logic.
fresh	The Age of Adaline is a "near miss," content to occasionally flirt with the sublime rather than step wholly into the uneasy.
fresh	The type of bittersweet film that can trump the resistance of reason and logic, and sweep us into a story of longing, regret and renewal.
rotten	The conceit endows Lively's regal air of distracted superiority with an intermittent pathos, but the director, Lee Toland Krieger, brings no identifiable perspective, and the screenwriters ... hardly tap a century's worth of material.
fresh	An elegant, reflective piece of work that may not appeal to everybody - but if you're out on your first movie date, it may be just the thing to get you to first base.
rotten	This is one of those movies that have you wondering: Long before the actors signed up and the locations were chosen and the sets were built and the filming began, how did someone not say, "Um, we have a big problem with this story"?
fresh	A nice change of pace before we're swamped by summer's big budget action flicks.
fresh	A high level of suspension of disbelief -- we're talking Code Red -- is required to enjoy The Age of Adaline, and the film is charming enough and accomplished enough that we willingly give ourselves over ... to a point.
rotten	Fantastical - yet perhaps too reserved and tastefully restrained for its own good....
fresh	Harrison Ford himself shows up and doesn't disappoint; although the third act of the film lost it's way a tad.
rotten	It does manage to pick up the pace in the third act and actually get us somewhat invested, but by that time we've already seen too much. It's certainly watchable, but best to wait until it's free to do so.
fresh	There are plenty of problems with this film, however... The Age of Adaline still serves its purpose for a date night movie.
fresh	The Age of Adaline is a ludicrous romantic fantasy, but solid craftsmanship and good acting make it an enjoyable one too.
rotten	This is a film that needs Amy Adams's twinkle or Sandra Bullock's nervous stammering. It needs a star with life.
rotten	Everything is just a little off: The plot is resolved too tidily, and Lively appears ill at ease - she's stiff and self-consciously ladylike, as if she were a little embarrassed by the material.
fresh	Like a cross between a Twilight Zone episode and Somewhere In Time, The Age Of Adaline is a splendid new romantic drama with a beating heart all its own and terrific performances from Blake Lively and Harrison Ford.
fresh	A movie that promises an escapist romantic fantasy on one hand, while delivering an affirmation that, even if our bodies grow old, passion can abide.
fresh	Despite an almost self-destructive need to be taken seriously, this romantic drama still finds some swoony soul in its odd meditation on the solitude of eternal life.
rotten	Pretty silly. Harrison Ford almost makes it real. Blake Lively looks fabulous.
rotten	Blake Lively is lively in this original with nowhere to go love story. Not much else is.
rotten	Romantic fantasy lacks magical spark, but OK for teens.
rotten	The Age of Adaline is a modern romantic fairy tale set in San Francisco, marred by bad narration and an unnecessary desire to overexplain random magic.
fresh	a strange film, hooked as it is on a character intent on revealing little. Lively, smartly costumed and coiffed in a modernized retro look, leans on a mannered way of speaking bolstered with a skittish fragility to embody her timeless character.
rotten	For all its melodramatic mopey-ness, The Age of Adaline mostly treads water to its anti-climactic conclusion.
rotten	Adaline is an 107-year-old mash-up of Hawking, Holmes and Mario Andretti, all dressed up in Gucci with nowhere to go. What a fascinating character the screenwriters never bothered to develop.
fresh	The pic thankfully never goes over the side into full-out hokeyness or, worse yet, maudlin melodrama. (Full Content Review -- Sex, Profanity, Violence, etc. -- for Parents also available)
rotten	The Age of Adaline has a fundamental weakness: The tepid romance is supposed to structure everything else, so the film feels disjointed - a series of good, sometimes even great scenes in search of an organizing principle.
fresh	Harrison Ford rescues this movie like it was a stranded hiker.
fresh	I've never seen a less involving movie become so compelling at the exact moment when you've resigned to write it off as just okay. What happened?
fresh	Burstyn is as beautiful and emotionally present as always and Ford - after so many years of grumpily picking up paychecks - seems delighted to be acting again, and in a real movie.
rotten	Oh the horror of spending your entire life looking like a sexy, twentysomething blonde Hollywood bombshell!
rotten	Lively glides across the screen from scene to scene - like the ballroom of a grand old hotel with a suitor in hot pursuit - with all the emotional weight of a model in a perfume commercial.
rotten	[T]he movie's devotion to her current romantic predicament feels like such a wasted opportunity.
rotten	For a movie about a 106-year-old - albeit one trapped in the body of a 29-year-old - "The Age of Adaline" doesn't have a lot of wisdom.
fresh	[Ford] Baker turn a fairly tame two-way relationship movie into a more complex four-character piece. It's just as preposterous, but engagingly so.
rotten	What eventually saves "Adaline" from being tossed on the cinema trash heap is the appearance of Harrison Ford about two-thirds of the way through.
rotten	[A] blandly manipulative romantic fantasy [that] represents the sort of melodramatic pseudo-profundity that poses as meaningful in hokey novels.
fresh	Warmly crafted, with a satisfactory sense of mystery, "The Age of Adaline" resembles a Harlequin novel, but offers more spirit than simple forbidden love escapism.
fresh	Lively gives a thoughtful, complex performance, with undertones of melancholy and a yearning for connection.
fresh	A sweeping romance beautifully wrapped in classy couture and slightly suspect in the way it uses metaphysics to manipulate matters of the heart.
fresh	The film is as tender and endearing as a lamb, a lamb at rest in a fragrant atmosphere. It's a film that has a determined, unironic respect for things past.
fresh	Via someone who's not Adaline, the film eventually addresses, with elegiacal eloquence, the nexus of never-was or the crossroads of coulda-been to which we can all achingly relate. Pity about the Nicholas Sparks playbook finale & damnable narration.
fresh	With a steady head on its shoulders and a look as well-crafted as its lead's, The Age of Adaline is often hard to swallow but harder to dislike.
rotten	Far too often here, Adaline's parade of period dresses, coats and handbags stand in for the richness of human experience.
rotten	a weeper that raises more concerns than true tears
fresh	Leave it to Harrison Ford to pull off a rescue that one of his signature heroes might envy. In a deftly crafted supporting role, Ford does as much as Lively herself to shape Adaline's strange predicament into something genuinely resonant.
rotten	Again and again, director Lee Toland Krieger (Celeste & Jesse Forever) allows shades of a more nuanced movie to pop up along the margins, only to steer instead toward innocent niceties.
rotten	It fails to pursue any of the fascinating questions its premise raises. Instead, it dives headfirst into Nicholas Sparks territory and explores, though not without some charm, Adaline's romantic life.
fresh	Okay, it's hooey. "Adaline" is not a documentary. What it is, though, is seductive.
fresh	Adaline's secret is a dramatization of the vulnerability we all resist, and so her love story isn't so much cosmic in its significance as it is miraculous in its familiarity.
rotten	You can't really call The Age of Adaline a movie. It's more like a series of pretty pictures held together by a remarkably idiotic story.
fresh	The movie is so free of irony, so quaint and earnest in its philosophy and metaphysics, that it's a refreshing alternative to this season's loud, marketing-approved, studio-built tentpoles.
fresh	The Age of Adaline may be preposterous, but it's unabashedly, sentimentally so.
rotten	During its second half, in which we meet Harrison Ford and Kathy Baker, cast as Ellis' parents, it all turns to caramel and its absurdities can no longer be denied.
rotten	A supernatural romance that thinks itself far more profound than it actually is.
fresh	Huisman is charming, but it's Ford who makes this movie. Ford's been involved with so many action movies, it's easy to forget his acting talent.
fresh	Age Of Adaline rewards viewers who buy into its ludicrous premise with a frequently beautiful, occasionally stirring cinematic trinket.
rotten	The makings of an interesting movie are here, but the script, written by J. Mills Goodloe and Salvador Paskowitz, collapses on itself in the third act.
fresh	It's a disarmingly affecting film, and very sad at points. A rumination on loneliness.
fresh	Lovers of the genre will find plenty to love about the stylish Age of Adaline and may find themselves rooting through pockets for a tissue at points, a romance movie equivalent of a standing ovation.
rotten	The story itself is hardly epic and certainly isn't romantic, which makes us focus on how ludicrous the whole thing is.
rotten	Starved of sufficient comedy or drama, "The Age of Adaline" is a pipsqueak.
fresh	A surprisingly effective fable. Blake Lively is excellent.
rotten	A preposterous premise treated with great solemnity. Lively shines, though, as does Ford.
fresh	Plausibility, shmausibility. This is pretty schmaltz done right.
rotten	Someone should steal this concept and make a decent movie out of it.
rotten	"The Age of Adaline" works best as a simple story of boy meets girl; girl falls in love; girl mulls whether or not to reveal that she'll stay young forever. Everything else is just a lot of unnecessary noise.
rotten	As awkward love triangles go, this is second only to the 1989 film Chances Are, where Robert Downey Jr. discovers that in a past life, he was his girlfriend's father. (Gross.)
rotten	A middling romance intended as counter-programming before a summer of world-savers and life-takers, The Age of Adaline is an adequate way to kill a few mortal hours in the theater for romance fans.
fresh	"Adaline" Enchants Despite Lack of Chemistry
rotten	Manages to score some select moments of goodwill, but ultimately hampers itself with a severely underdeveloped story.
rotten	The story's magic realism is so torpid and affected as to make the film feel as if it, like Adaline herself, goes on forever.
fresh	Ultimately, you believe Lively as an old soul in a young body, carrying a heavy secret; you hope, somehow, that love will bring her a happy ending.
rotten	Lively delivers every line with an arrogant remove, like someone just asked to kiss her hand. It might be the most sepia-toned performance I've ever seen.
fresh	This YA-style romantic fantasy could have been cringe-inducing; instead it's a serviceable fable about the importance of mortality.
rotten	For a movie that emulates literature, The Age Of Adaline never fits comfortably into a particular form-literary or cinematic.
rotten	Aims to be as timeless as its main character, but it ends up feeling like a musty relic.
rotten	If Estee Lauder made a movie, it might look a lot like The Age Of Adaline, a swooning, fawning romance about a woman who achieves what no anti-wrinkle cream has before.
fresh	A low-stakes, high-concept romance, gifted with warm cinematography and lush period trappings.
fresh	"The Age of Adaline" weaves a fantastical tale within a plausible real-world setting. Blake Lively gives a performance of remarkable depth and sensitivity.
fresh	Shameless but mostly well-executed date-night fare, but Blake Lively seems like the wrong fit for the lead.
rotten	Lively's performance is appropriately mysterious but too shallow to allow audiences to empathize with her character. The fault lies more in the screenplay, which doesn't give her character much depth.
fresh	Beautiful but shallow, but also beautiful - a spell that only breaks once you turn on your brain, which you shouldn't anyway.
fresh	Adaline is consistently gorgeous to look at-and a good reminder that love, even when it's complicated or painful or doesn't last, is a whole lot better than immortality.
fresh	Age of Adaline - while frequently preposterous - has just enough pixie dust that it ought to find a fan base among romantic types.
rotten	Less a sincerely kooky elegy to lost time than a slightly off-kilter acting out of familiar rom-com bona fides about commitment-phobes missing out on life.
fresh	Sad, wistfully romantic and featuring maybe the best performance Harrison Ford has ever given on the big screen.
fresh	The Age of Adaline is a pearl of a film: intimate despite its century long scale, new and old at once, it's a small movie to discover and carry with you.
fresh	Lively is an odd screen presence - somehow both warm and cold, accessible and recessive. She's long been ripe for a breakthrough lead role that allows her to stretch and surprise.
rotten	Lively's never been better, but "Adaline" is more interested in what she's wearing than what her character's thinking.
fresh	Blake Lively's subtle, expressive performance sets the tone for this thoroughly ludicrous, thoroughly enjoyable romantic drama.
rotten	Director Lee Toland Krieger hits all the expected emotional beats but doesn't take many risks or glean sufficient insights about our fascination with the double-edged sword of eternal youth.
fresh	In what is likely to be the year's most deliriously satisfying illustration of what happens when you feed a chick flick steroids, Blake Lively (Gossip Girl) hits emotional paydirt as a turn-of-the-20th-century gal who stops ageing at 29.
fresh	Stay far away if romantic movies bother you. For everyone else, this very much delivers on its earnest intentions.
rotten	It floats, like Lively herself, in a kind of timeless bubble.
fresh	Indie darling Lee Toland Krieger has managed to pull off this high concept film with an innocent charm that harks back to Golden Age Hollywood romance.
fresh	Harrison Ford emerges as Krieger's trump card...It is a raw, vulnerable performance that ensures the film soars and draws fresh reserves out of Lively (the definition of 'Supporting Actor', surely).
fresh	Never mind that the story is far fetched, the film engages largely due to a winning central performance by Blake Lively as the ageless Adaline, who spends her life running instead of living because she fears someone will learn her secret
rotten	This failure is a little surprising given the celebrity voice talent involved, but it proves even great actors need a substantive script.
rotten	Home is a blithering mess, devoid of internal narrative logic, mired in obnoxious humor, and so poorly paced that its 94 minute run-time felt like it was over two hours long.
fresh	It's a family-friendly movie about, well, family.
rotten	Even by DreamWorks standards, the celebrities in this go-round are especially awful, and the music cues particularly distracting.
fresh	Again, there is nothing all that terrible about this movie (unless you find Parsons' voice to be grating, then you are in big trouble) but you might be overwhelmed by its averageness.
rotten	Home is where my heart wasn't, at a screening where even children didn't seem excited to be. The father snoring next to me had the right idea at the wrong volume. Hiding a catnap behind 3-D glasses only works if you don't give yourself away.
rotten	The kindest word that comes to mind is "undistinguished." Unfortunately, it's also uninteresting and uninspired - as well as tedious, noisy, obvious, annoying...
rotten	A few nods and winks don't add enough adult appeal to Home
fresh	"Home" is a fine selection for a second quarter film and a great choice for your children.
rotten	Kids will be entertained by the perpetual motion of Home, while most adults in the theater will tune out or glance at the watch every few minutes.
rotten	Familiarly fanciful, featuring the most benign aliens ever to invade Earth.
rotten	Heartwarming and harmless? Sure, why not. But it's also numbing in its simplicity and often rather annoying.
fresh	'Home' is cheerfully aimed for youngsters, mainly those under 10. It's simplistic and slapstick. It doesn't make any original or profound statements.
fresh	It's like being conquered by accountants.
rotten	Home is more of a blip than an alert, more of a whisper than a bang.
fresh	Home is a colorful and entertaining CGI adventure, but weighed down by an uneven and shallow story, falls short of animated greatness.
fresh	the most adorable alien invasion you'll likely see
fresh	The combination of Home's layered message, fun score, and clever comedy make it a colorful choice for moviegoers of any age.
rotten	Anyone over 10 will see the plot twists a mile away. Kids will probably enjoy the goofy Boovs, the rainbows of colors and the music. Call me a traditionalist, but I still say the world was a better place before those darn Boovs invaded.
rotten	Another conspicuously packaged product seemingly designed to wear down an audience more than entertain it. While wee ones won't notice, they probably won't remember Home by the time the car ride gets them back to the real thing.
fresh	A surprisingly moving tale of friendship and family, dressed up as an adorably frivolous sci-fi comedy.
fresh	It's not pixel-pushing artistry in DreamWorks Animation's latest that will win over audiences, rather it's the film's timeless traits of sincerity and originality.
fresh	"Home" is a truly lovely and adorable film to attend with children, though doing so is not a requirement. I have a feeling Oh will be with us for a long time.
fresh	Savor "Home" for its vibrant colors, animated effects, like the upside-down Eiffel Tower floating over Paris, and the rapidly building, feel-good relationship between Oh and Tip.
fresh	...a nice message for kids on empathy and open mindedness.
fresh	Animated alien comedy is sweet, cute, if not super original.
fresh	It's not home sweet home but Home is a pretty good family flick and it's short and tight enough to keep young kids from squirming in their seats.
rotten	It all goes down fairly easily...but it also contains a lot of material that feels like little more than filler. (Full Content Review -- Violence, Crude Humor, etc. -- for Parents also available)
fresh	This Close Encounters of the Cowardly Kind-tale is a fun--albeit hit or miss--diversion.
rotten	Death by cuteness.
rotten	Parsons does everything he can to win over the audience, and Rihanna should stick to singing.
fresh	Maybe it's because kids sometimes feel like aliens in a grown-up world, but from E.T. and Elliott to Lilo and Stitch, pairing a child with a creature from outer space can prove to be a winning combination.
rotten	A big, fat happy meal of a movie ...
fresh	...a charming entertainment for children that should amuse the adults that have to accompany them.
fresh	Adorable and intensely creepy all at once. Despite what it may sound like, "Home" is, at its core, a movie about friendship, family and acceptance. It's really rather sweet. And ominous.
fresh	Cute and colorful movie with an important safety tip concerning one of the most destructive forces in the universe, hitting the dreaded "send to all."
fresh	Parsons delivers this tongue-twisting patter with a happy eagerness that is both amusing and ingratiating.
fresh	The second half of Home works with a solid and emotionally-satisfying ending. If only the whole movie was that way.
rotten	Aside from Parsons' initially amusingly mangled Yoda-like English, which gets a tad repetitive, Home doesn't stand out as fresh or particularly funny.
rotten	Tension is one of "Home's" biggest issues. There just isn't nearly enough of it. Story is another. Even a kids' movie needs more complexity and more invention.
rotten	The combination of a feeble script, unnecessary music montages, unlikable characters and so-so animation leave Home a close encounter of the dull kind.
fresh	Youngsters should be tickled pink by the colourful on-screen creations. Their elders; well, if you were a Boov you'd likely be the same shade of purple after the movie as before it.
fresh	A charming concoction with positive messages for younger children about conquering fears, understanding outsiders and knowing yourself.
fresh	Director Tim Johnson ("Over the Hedge") and his animators can't maintain this level of freshness throughout, but that's where Parsons and his goofy charm take over.
rotten	This is not the hit film that DreamWorks Animation was hoping for; if anything it will only signal more trouble for the studio. Hopefully they'll get back on their feet but "Home" certainly isn't going to help accomplish that.
fresh	It works moderately well thanks largely to the voice talents of Jim Parsons and, to a lesser extent, Steve Martin. Two droll dudes who put a fair share of funny into this animated picture.
rotten	a nice 80-minute infomercial for Rihanna's next LP
rotten	Tim Johnson ( Antz) has capitalized on DreamWorks' proprietary animation platform, Apollo to create a rich, intricate setting...But the technology doesn't save the film from falling flat on other levels.
rotten	[I]t turns out that the Boov are neither loveable nor likeable. In fact, they're kind of annoying.
rotten	The bland "Home" is a crash pad at best.
rotten	Frenetic direction and supercharged cuteness pitch in to aid in the distraction, and it's almost enough to produce a kind of numbness.
rotten	Colorful, energetic but highly derivative...less an imaginative addition to the crowded kidflicks field than a tidily manufactured collection of familiar, rather tired elements.
rotten	Aggressive and cynical approach to children's entertainment, pummeling viewers with mechanical-looking action sequences (which suggest video game demos), unfunny one-liners, and overly loud pop songs and sound effects.
fresh	A perfectly amiable and often funny animation feature aimed largely at children but not childish or pandering in any way.
fresh	Although it may not be where the heart is, Home is a functional escape and shelter.
rotten	Key characters are admirably diverse, but the fast-paced tale is thoroughly predictable.
fresh	Home's incongruously humble vibe works well for what's at heart a buddy road movie.
rotten	Sadly, Home feels very derivative, borrowing heavily from Lilo and Stitch, Despicable Me and several recent DreamWorks features.
rotten	The film moves quickly and keeps the jokes coming, which only means that "Home" would rather keep young viewers occupied than give them something to think about.
fresh	When we scratch beneath the sugary surface, there's something tart inside that's difficult to digest.
rotten	Lazy gags, and it's been done better elsewhere.
fresh	This kiddie sci-fi adaptation doesn't quite live up to its evocative title.
fresh	I brought a couple of my kids, who liked it fine and found the friendship at the center rather affecting.
rotten	The feature doesn't connect in a significant way, reduced to a series of skits, poo-poo, pee-pee jokes, and commercials for the soundtrack.
fresh	Oh and Tip may not be the most memorable animated duo, but Parsons's high-pitched squeal and the groove in Rihanna's voice bounce off each other nicely.
rotten	While watching "Home," a comical animated spin on alien-attack thrillers with the usual tacked-on touchy-feely messages, I began to get bored as did the families seated around me.
fresh	You could do a lot better in the kid-film arena than this, but you could also do a Smek of a lot worse.
rotten	DreamWorks movies are often about outsiders learning that they don't have to fit in, a lesson the filmmakers may not have absorbed themselves.
rotten	Only mildly annoying.
rotten	The Gummi-colored animation is imaginative, but director Tim Johnson's ho-hum 3D cartoon remains strictly 1D.
rotten	Like the timorous Boov, "Home" has little interest in risk-taking.
rotten	Home cunningly attempts to achieve that always-expected animated feat of being everything to everyone, but what it really proves -- with more authenticity than the content itself can muster -- is just how infrequently that can be done.
rotten	Racial diversity and girl power are dandy, but they cannot compensate for uninspired material.
fresh	Aimed squarely at eight-and-unders.
fresh	As animated sci-fi for small fry, it's a success whose modest but well-executed ambitions are no small part of its charm.
fresh	Home doesn't sparkle enough to make the transition from kids film to modern classic... That said, Home is possibly the most cheerful alien-invasion-of-Earth film you're likely to see.
rotten	An earnest exercise that falls flat, despite the best of intentions.
fresh	"Home" is a solid double in a time when DreamWorks really needs a home run.
rotten	Home marks a throwback to the hyperactive, pop culture-fixated DreamWorks of old, where star power alone pushes straight-to-VOD material into theatres
rotten	Home's exposition is a mess of forced zaniness, which leaves the rest of the film with a Swiss-cheese foundation.
rotten	Steve Martin has fun as the pompous Captain Smek, but this remains little more than colourfully inoffensive.
fresh	Home has an original, convincingly satirical concept at its heart, but much of the execution feels overly familiar.
rotten	It's good, clean, harmless fun.
fresh	A pastel-coloured visual delight with an emphasis on soft-edges and bubbles, director Tim Johnson (Antz; Over the Hedge) aims the film squarely at kids who won't mind the regular overdoses of touchy-feely cheese.
rotten	...more than likely going into the DreamWorks pile of films you won't remember in five years time.
fresh	ET meets Lilo & Stitch in this sweet, screwball culture clash comedy adapted from Adam Rex's children's novel The True Meaning of Smekday.
rotten	This bowls along amiably enough, boosted by some astonishing visuals, but is let down by a gossamer-thin script and uninspired characters.
rotten	Home is schematic and moralistic in the frequent manner of modern American cartoons, although the moralising doesn't entirely make sense: there are a couple of underlying metaphors that don't quite mesh.
fresh	The film combines wit with mind-boggling inanity but is so brash and good-natured that it is very hard to dislike.
rotten	The film takes the lazy route of cannibalising pop cultural references rather than coming up with decent jokes.
fresh	An entertaining odd-couple comedy on very traditional lines ...
rotten	Animation has become a crowded field, and perhaps we shouldn't always expect something out of this world, but this underdeveloped offering barely lifts itself off the drawing board. It's very, very...oh.
rotten	Mostly harmless.
rotten	Home does very little to be interesting or original.
fresh	A sharp script and especially colourful imagery make this animated romp a lot more fun than expected, entertaining grown-ups just as much as the kids...
fresh	Science fiction with training wheels, fine for sucking the kiddies into geekery but with little appeal for grownup fans of animated genre adventure.
rotten	Inoffensive but flavourless, and crammed with familiar elements from better movies like  Lilo and Stitch ,  Toy Story  and  Despicable Me .
rotten	Home's infantilism is a regressive step for DreamWorks, offering a sour rather than sweet experience for audiences.
fresh	Adapted from Adam Rex's novel in praise of family and friends, Antz director Tim Johnson's film is original and fresh, with an easy to understand narrative that finds its endearing protagonist Oh on a journey that takes him from zero to hero
rotten	There may be no place like home, but there are a lot of places like Home, an animated adventure about the unlikely friendship between a lonely girl and an alien misfit that can't help but feel familiar.
fresh	The story has a pleasant warmth to it - together with a vague message about individuality and tolerance - and Parsons does a terrific job bringing the charmingly open-hearted Oh to life.
rotten	From a creative standpoint, this is the studio's least exciting feature yet - hardly its worst, execution-wise, but entirely lacking in the risk-taking spirit that has spawned such successful franchises as "Shrek," "Kung Fu Panda" and "Dragon."
fresh	Well acted, full of tension, and even better full of grisly fun. This one is a winer.
fresh	This is the closest exploitation cinema has come to capturing the hive-like buzz of online life in all its invasive intimacy.
fresh	To be able to tell a story from entirely within the narrative limitations of a few windows on a computer screen is actually quite an achievement.
rotten	This tale of online revenge is amusing in spots but rarely scary, and its shelf life is destined to be pretty short given the rapid evolution of social media.
fresh	This is clever, even poignant stuff. Oldies as well as adolescents will find themselves intrigued.
fresh	[The film-makers'] greatest achievement in this high-end exploitation is to retain a position on the moral high ground while bloody mayhem rages around their feet
rotten	A gimmick is stretched beyond breaking point in an initially clever but ultimately exhausting horror film.
fresh	Fresh, original and genuinely ingenious...Easily stands alongside the original Blair Witch Project and the best of the Paranormal Activity films as a prime example of using household technology to mediate a nerve-jangling frightfest.
rotten	In the cinema, the static setup, fuzzy, pixellating Skype faces, and the parps of incoming messages all become profoundly irritating.
fresh	For all its flaws, by injecting the sinister into something we are all familiar with, Unfriended manages to deliver a uniquely unnerving tone in a surprisingly traditional way.
fresh	Russian director Levan Gabriadze breathes digital life into the hackneyed "found footage" concept by placing the action in this revenge thriller solely on one teenage character's computer screen.
fresh	Unfriended is genuinely innovative and experimental.
rotten	Being up to date is not the same thing as being on the ball, and Unfriended could afford to be cleverer.
rotten	There's little less compelling than a vague evil spirit with loosely defined powers doing random 'scary' things as required by the script.
fresh	Credibly using actual programs rather than made-up ones, Unfriended makes hay with such cultural ephemera as the "memorialise" function for a Facebook account, which enables the pages of deceased friends to have an afterlife.
fresh	Unfriended is from a new generation: film-makers who now have the web in their bloodstream, for whom online interaction is a natural part of life. They've used a new language to create a smart, ingenious, subversive and scary movie.
fresh	The main achievement of this gimmicky horror is that it manages to hit all of the essential scary movie beats as the story unfolds in real time on a computer screen...
fresh	It does for Skype what The Blair Witch Project did for forests.
fresh	Even her Spotify account becomes possessed. Yes, the killer is calling from inside the house... music playlist.
rotten	It's well done but whether the concepts of betrayal as depicted by this nasty snuff revenge movie is a positive influence for the young target market, is questionable
fresh	Unfriended happens to be a pretty good time.
fresh	As a way of tackling the dark and disturbing side of social networking, this is a fair effort, with the cautionary aspect of bullying having consequences coming across effectively.
rotten	A series of disappointingly tame confrontations involving a lot of video interference and shrieking.
rotten	Painfully unscary.
rotten	Go home, Skype somebody, call them a name, and watch them rant and rave about it for 82 minutes. It would be more entertaining than this poor excuse for a movie.
rotten	You feel some mild critique of lives lived through web applications. What you don't feel is sustained visceral fright.
fresh	Listen to the film's message: Don't cyberbully or you could unleash the ghost in the machine.
rotten	It's a very American-teen spook show, with the tired tropes of the unseen-slasher film firmly in place.
rotten	You might find yourself rooting for the murderer.
fresh	A Ghost in the Machine Haunts "Unfriended."
fresh	If you can give yourself over to the idea of Unfriended,you'll find it's surprisingly engrossing and really quite clever.
rotten	What we end up with is a bunch of truly unpleasant, self-absorbed teenagers yelling at each other on Skype -- all recorded in grating lo-fi to maximize the headache-inducing annoyance value.
rotten	Even with an 82-minute running time, cracks start to show. One of the key problems with the script is that every single character is so utterly obnoxious and morally bankrupt that you start to relish their increasingly nasty deaths.
rotten	Flashy yet unnerving, delving into internet-obsessed teens' daily digital lives...
rotten	Stultifyingly stupid...It's dificult to care about the demise of characters in a horror movie when they're all already brain-dead.
fresh	Revenge as a dish best served pixilated!
fresh	... a cyber-chiller twist on Agatha Christie's 'And Then There Were None' ... creates a claustrophobic sense of inevitability even as it has us glancing nervously over our shoulder.
rotten	If you thought the shakey-cam hell of "found footage" horror was hard to take, prepare yourself for pixelated purgatory.
rotten	Perhaps director Gabriadze and writer Nelson Greaves intended to create a Social Media "Scream" and a commentary on cyber-bullying, but "Unfriended" comes across as disdainful of millennials.
fresh	It's not the B-movie gore death scenes that make Unfriended squirm-inducing, it's how it taps in and holds on tight to how annoying the Internet and computers can be, especially when they're being tinkered with.
fresh	Even though Unfriended begins to cheat, springing loud noises and gory cutaways that can't be explained, there's a rigor to its dopey, blood-simple conception that you might smile at.
rotten	Finally Hollywood has figured out how to get teens off the internet and into theatres. Make a movie that takes place ENTIRELY in front of a computer screen. But after 82 minutes you may feel a migraine coming on .
fresh	Unfriended is a spooky ghost story parable that will (only) be fun for those who grew up in the era of the online social jungle.
rotten	More of an interesting formal experiment than a successful narrative.
fresh	Delivers some truly unsettling jolts with a minimum of effects and what was surely a micro-fraction of the budget of much bigger, bloodier, more bloated horror flicks.
fresh	While the premise of being a voyeur to a private chat session sounds gimmicky, Unfriended's actually an innovative method to connect with a generation who've grown up online.
fresh	Translates horror conventions fluidly so that you hold your breath not when you're waiting for what's behind the door but for what's buffering.
rotten	The only thing more annoying than internet connectivity problems is seeing them simulated onscreen.
rotten	The premise and look of the film are admittedly innovative --- but this is not a scary movie.
fresh	Strangely enough, it works, and it can be quite gripping and chilling.
rotten	... A somewhat interesting experiment that ultimately fails.
rotten	while "Unfriended" is smart about how it uses the [online 'found' footage] device to tell its story, the story itself is poor programming.
fresh	Unfriended uses its subtle development of suspense to create genuine, well-earned scares, even if there are only a few.
rotten	Decidedly low-budget and low on true scares. (Full Content Review -- Sex, Profanity, Violence, etc. -- for Parents also available)
fresh	Not only is Unfriended a much better film than you might have expected, it's a genuinely terrifying little ride and might just be a new horror classic.
rotten	Superficially, this is a horror movie, although its distinct lack of such important elements as mounting suspense and genuine scares forces us to think otherwise.
rotten	Unfriended is a by-the-numbers, scare-free slasher package that will likely test your patience for watching people yell at each other on Skype.
fresh	More than a cheap stunt.
fresh	If death invented the telephone, it probably invented the Internet infernal, too. Disconnect? The scariest thing is that we can't.
rotten	If it has a point about the way we treat people online, it's lost in an illogical ghost story that never bothers explaining itself.
fresh	Doubling as a horror suspense for the social media generation and the world's most effective anti-cyber bullying PSA, it's a fun thriller until its disappointing final act.
fresh	[Blaire's] atrocious spelling and grammar will no doubt annoy purists, but speaks to how srsly stressed she is. And something as simple as a pointer hesitating or pacing between two windows provides its own window into her motivation.
fresh	As a harangue about cyberbullying, it's purely exploitative, but when "Unfriended" zeros in on the whiplash mixture of freedom and torment we get from multitasking our online lives? It's srsly fun, imo.
rotten	A horror pic with a new gimmick that likely will spawn an entire subgenre of more substandard rubbish.
rotten	At times, "Unfriended" really clicks - but ultimately, it's a drag.
fresh	The efficient exposition is entirely composed of a LiveLeak video and half a YouTube clip. It's supremely goofy and not scary in the slightest, but the movie is speaking the right language.
rotten	You might want to take along your smartphone to keep yourself entertained.
rotten	It could have been better. Unfriended at least has an original premise and an interesting, claustrophobic physical setting.
fresh	The best thing about "Unfriended," beyond its funny-nasty title, is that it doesn't play as remotely dull as it sounds even if most of the drama takes place inside shifting, overlapping windows.
fresh	Younger audiences in particular are likely to enjoy this entertaining and fast-paced chiller. And who knows? They may even absorb the film's underlying message ...
rotten	Unfriended just about evolves beyond its gimmick but it's still nothing more than a run-of-the-mill horror flick.
rotten	Give this movie credit for trying something new - and flat-out committing to it. But just because no one's tried an idea before doesn't mean it's a great one.
fresh	A movie to be seen, if you can endure it-as a shrewd commercial venture, as an online opus that undoes your self-composure and, last and foremost, as a window on a mode of thinking that equates to a state of being.
rotten	The inevitable meltdowns feel unearned because of predictable, yet unmotivated, character turns. There's no one to root for, not even the dead girl. Nothing seems important enough.
fresh	Fresh and fearsome fun.
rotten	I kept hoping a power outage would hit their neighborhood, or some sort of natural disaster. Aren't the movies supposed to be a break from being online all the time?
rotten	One of the rare occasions where an aesthetic decision drives the experience... It lacks in the legitimate fear department, however.
fresh	Despite its imperfections, this is a smart entry in the horror genre, a film that isn't just about spooking its audience, but actually has something meaningful and urgent to say about the modern world as it stands in 2015.
rotten	Unfriended should be applauded for addressing a very serious issue in today's culture of anonymity-driven public shaming, but the fact that it's surrounded by so much stupidity weakens its message.
fresh	It's a mean, potent little movie.
fresh	It looks just beneath the surface of today's technology and discovers a place crawling with terrors all its own.
fresh	The filmmakers here completely commit to their gimmick, turning its limitations into benefits and exploiting the chosen technology for maximum effect. In the process, they hit the refresh button on the entire found-footage format.
fresh	It's interesting to wonder how the film will age, given the short shelf life of technology. In two years all this might seem as dated as a dial-up modem, technology not nearly advanced enough to support the action here.
fresh	Though not particularly ground-breaking-last year's Elijah Wood-starring Open Windows pulled the same trick, and much more ambitiously-we're still going to "like" the result.
rotten	Although directed with technical finesse by newcomer Levan Gabriadze, "Unfriended" starts shrill and only gets louder as it goes along.
fresh	It's basically Friday the 13th on a laptop, but the gimmick works like gangbusters. One request: Please Hollywood cybergods, no sequels.
fresh	It will be interesting after Unfriended ends its theatrical run and it can be viewed on a home computer. That will create the unsettling situation where the viewer is almost a new participant in this online game of supernatural cyberstalking.
fresh	It will surely cut close to the bone for many, as all the best horror movies do.
fresh	This isn't great cinema, folks. It's more of a novelty. But it's a cleverly constructed novelty.
fresh	"Unfriended" starts wearing out its welcome about 10 minutes before the end. But it's clever enough about social media to keep an audience engaged until then ...
rotten	Unfriended proves that you absolutely can make a movie that unfolds entirely on a computer. The question it doesn't answer is why you'd want to.
fresh	Unfriended is the one movie from 2015 you'll always be able to look back at and feel something of what life was like back when, even if you're not a cyberbullying white teen.
fresh	We need these teens to click clearly diseased links and bicker with one another while a ghost eggs them on. It's ridiculous, but when executed this competently, the absurd becomes riveting.
fresh	A great gimmick, but uncinematic and not as scary as you'd hope.
fresh	Neither as silly as it might look nor as terrifying as its "Titus Andronicus"-via-Mark-Zuckerberg set-up promises, it takes a high-concept yet bare-bones premise and milks it for all the jolts it can.
fresh	It hates millenials so much it could have been made by Ben Stiller's documentarian in 'While We're Young.'
fresh	...a modern take on Scream for the Skype generation.
fresh	While it's not a flawless fright flick, Unfriended gives us a good gimmick as byte-sized horror that's easy to 'like' before moving onto the next distraction.
fresh	Most horror fans will be delighted by strong, subtle performances, clever audience manipulation and a truly fresh and new approach to what had become a hackneyed genre.
fresh	Simultaneously clever and exasperating.
fresh	This is a movie for savvy Internet kids, and it feels savvy itself. Unlike so many other movies that make this attempt and feel ancient, [Unfriended] feels current.
rotten	In the end one would rather be back at one's own computer, tending to the tedious details of digital life, than watching this clique get pinged to death.
fresh	A clever spin on the found footage genre, and a tight little horror flick that's good for a solid scare or two.
fresh	Writer Nelson Greaves and director Levan Gabriadze do a decent job of creating genuine tension within the almost theatrical, proscenium-like arrangement of the computer screen.
fresh	When the genre-film spectacle arrives, it's in full force, and the strictures of the framing device manage to amplify, rather than suppress, the impact of the shocks and scares.
rotten	"Unfriended" is diverting and energetic and should be awarded points for attempting to be the Facebook generation's "Ringu," but it fails to create memorable characters and is awash in tired cliches and muddy mythology.
fresh	None of the slasher stuff is anywhere near as disturbing as the routine cruelty of the actual internet.
fresh	It's a gimmick movie, and like most gimmick movies [it] sometimes bends over backwards to make it work. But like the best gimmick movies the conceit never gets boring, and it actually has something pointed to say.
fresh	Unfriended is a terrifying cyber nightmare for today's generation of laptop-loving teenagers who think trolls are the worst thing the internet has to offer.
fresh	Unfriended is a smart, thrilling, and addicting byte of horror that's worth thinking about. It'll be awhile before your mind hits CTRL + ALT + DEL on this one
rotten	The film still comes with the cheesy trademarks that you'd expect with a romantic drama such as this.
rotten	... doesn't disguise its efforts to peddle shamelessly sentimental melodrama to the author's legions of fans who make each successive film almost immune to criticism.
fresh	Sparks must be doing something right.
rotten	[The cast members] help make the inherently flavourless content that follows the initial meet-cute easier to consume -- though never to swallow whole.
rotten	The Longest Ride is a predictable romantic drama, with bad dialogue and a romance lacking the strength to be effective on screen, but in the end, it's just another Nicholas Sparks adaptation.
rotten	At the end, the movie is predictable and terribly tedious.
rotten	No one wanted this to be "The Notebook" as much as I did.
rotten	A quartet of burning hearts generate a serious case of heartburn for anyone attempting to stay atop the bucking bull of "The Longest Ride."
fresh	The Longest Ride is pretty darn tolerable - and sometimes even enjoyable - not just for fans but also for regular people who are, you know, cynical.
rotten	A Nicholas Sparks movie is like cinematic Jello. It sells well, the number one ingredient is sugar, and there's always room for it.
fresh	While the story wants to pretend it's about two fully realized individuals who battle their obstacles and fight for their love, it isn't.
rotten	Nicholas Sparks is a talentless hack whose storytelling managed to hit a stride with modern audiences. They amount to nothing more than romance novels, and not even good ones.
rotten	You can forget about The Longest Ride being a competent movie; it's far from that. However, Sparks fans will be happy to know that my sleeve was damp by the end because my wife had no Kleenex handy.
fresh	A Sparks movie will never completely want for melodrama, but it's nice to find one where the melo- is a bit more mellow.
fresh	The Longest Ride has as much bull as the 10 previous Sparks adaptations. This is one of the few you can ride for longer than eight seconds.
rotten	The only thing more grating than a Nicholas Sparks romance is two Nicholas Sparks romances bumping into each other.
rotten	As a romance, a drama, or even a sports movie, The Longest Ride never reaches a satisfying destination.
rotten	The film has one story that kind of works, but is continually interrupted by one that doesn't. That has the effect of keeping The Longest Ride from ever achieving the meaning and relevance it so clearly aims for.
fresh	Look, it's easy to laugh at this stuff - that's part of the game, in fact. To buy into these movies, you have to buy into the silliness. But The Longest Ride, for all its ridiculousness, comes by its emotions honestly.
rotten	The Longest Ride is reasonably plain and inoffensive, but those are huge problems at this point. It's just not very sexy, or challenging, or different.
rotten	It sure was a long ride and one I would not care to take again.
fresh	Formulaic but still romantic Nicholas Sparks adaptation.
rotten	"The Longest Ride" is almost saved by Jack Huston and Oona Chaplin...but not quite.
rotten	Like the big bowl of mac and cheese Luke says is his favorite dish, it's all mostly a bunch of squishy, deep-dish goo---but hey, it does look pretty good.
rotten	Truly, Sparks' Caucasian dreariness is a a force from which nothing, not even passably interesting directorial techniques can escape. A white hole, if you will.
rotten	You probably think The Longest Ride is about some mixture of young love and bull riding. If you think that, you are about half right.
rotten	You heard of "Star Wars"? Films based on Sparks' books could be called "Star-Crossed Wars."
rotten	a fantastical love story Sparks fans will probably love, made more endurable for the rest of us by a cast giving it more commitment than it's worth.
fresh	The two halves of "The Longest Ride" do not always smoothly congeal, but it is a sure bet that it will work for its target audience&#151;and likely a few skeptics as well.
fresh	The latest big-screen adaptation of a Nicholas Sparks' novel, and it's one of the better ones. (Full Content Review -- Sex, Profanity, Violence, etc. -- for Parents also available)
rotten	It's a paint-by-numbers affair with an absurdly manipulative third act, barely managing to bring the heat with its mismatched co-stars. Perhaps the Sparks-faithful won't mind, but they certainly deserve better.
rotten	The movie has nowhere to go and spends more than two hours getting there.
rotten	Better than average for a Nicholas Sparks adaptation, but still pretty two-dimensional with an utterly ridiculous ending.
fresh	If men can swoon when muscle cars parachute from planes in "Furious 7," women should be able to enjoy the soothing fantasy of Sparks World, wherein true love, hard work and kind gestures are rewarded with enormous fortunes and nice houses.
rotten	Conducts an all out assault on your tear ducts with plenty of support from Alan Alda. I was almost ready to surrender. Almost.
rotten	People don't go to Sparks movies for subtlety; they go to warm their hearts by bearing witness to true love. Of course, that requires a story that rings true. In "The Longest Ride," authenticity is in short supply.
rotten	Eventful, polished, and knuckle-bitingly dull, the 10th film adapted from a novel by Nicholas Sparks, combines fate, bull riding and some powerful Hollywood bloodlines among its young cast.
fresh	It's well-made mush, this. As usual with these [Nicholas] Sparks adaptations, the corn is prepared and brought to the boil very carefully.
rotten	The worst Nicholas Sparks novel turned movie of them all. But I said that about Dear John, The Lucky One, Safe Haven and The Best of Me. This time I really mean it.
rotten	Sparks' fans will eat it up, though, and that's who The Longest Ride is for, anyway.
rotten	Feels like The Notebook crashed into The Best of Me."
rotten	Both stories are weak -- and not just in the circumstances-over-character way of the Sparks universe.
rotten	"The Longest Ride" treats us to a twist that's so ridiculous I think we're almost supposed to laugh. It's not quite on the "Are you KIDDING ME!?" level of awfulness as the big reveal in "Safe Haven," but it's close. It's close.
rotten	It takes a lot to bore your easily entertained correspondent but rest assured The Longest Ride has the goods.
rotten	Far be it from me to spoil the plot, but since this is a Sparks story we're required to have at least one death, one scene of shirtless farm labour, one torrential downpour, one nugget of elderly wisdom and one improbable conclusion.
rotten	Alda adds gravitas, it's beautifully shot, and Eastwood is destined for stardom, but that's not enough to redeem The Longest Ride.
rotten	Can the ailing Ira help the young lovers work things out in his limited time left on earth - or even afterward? Let's just say Sparks works up to an ending that's as shamelessly preposterous as it is predictable.
rotten	Brazenly vanilla for a Sparks adaptation, The Longest Ride modestly captures the dull comfort of old-fashioned romance.
fresh	Scott Eastwood's good ol' boy Southern gentleman is sweetly charming. He's perfectly matched with Britt Robertson, who has grown since the under-appreciated CW Network series Life Unexpected.
rotten	It tries to bridge the gap between pop culture and cultural elitism, between high art and the common commodity that everyone else buys tickets to see. A worthy goal, but it results in a movie that has none of the virtues of either.
rotten	just another Nicholas Sparks calamity
rotten	Unrelenting generic blandness
rotten	It runs a long 128 minutes. You have to wade through not just puddles of tears, but also piles of BS.
fresh	A sentimental movie with a message worth pondering about what it takes to keep love alive.
rotten	Merely adding an older generation of lovers to a love story does not make your romance one for the ages.
rotten	The treacle flows for well over two hours, an interminable serving of the author's trademark schmaltz.
rotten	Conforms to a timeworn, and shopworn, Sparks formula of troubled protagonists receiving wisdom, or inspiration, or both, from unexpected sources.
fresh	It's exactly what you'd expect, except executed with more-than-typical competence with the help of a few excellent actors and some gorgeously photographed rodeo scenes that capture the drama and thrill of bull riding.
fresh	The young Eastwood is better than you might expect, though it's Chaplin who shines in this Nicholas Sparks romance.
rotten	If this is your particular poison, it won't kill you. But anyone averse to Sparks' sappy touch may get sick from all the bull.
fresh	Delivers a slick, serviceable blend of romance and melodrama. Your typical love and sacrifice and bull-riding tale.
rotten	There's little here to convince the audience of boy and girl's special chemistry, and nothing to attach the audience to them, either.
fresh	Everything is tied up in a neat moral bow, with Luke realising that the challenge of the rodeo pales next to the "longest ride" of the title, which -- I hope I'm not giving too much away -- is the ride they call life.
fresh	Though Tillman doesn't quite elevate the maudlin material into serious drama, the result is uncommonly sensitive.
rotten	Sparks' perverse need for love to be perfect-even if it takes cancer to make it happen-becomes The Longest Ride's undoing.
fresh	This is spoon-fed entertainment, but it tastes pretty good.
rotten	Even when Eastwood and Robertson, pleasant enough company, threaten to float off the screen, "The Longest Ride" glides along and delivers its reheated comfort food by the ton.
rotten	Everything in the movie is suffused by a vision of life that is resoundingly and evidently false, but as this vision is not repulsive, but is intended to reassure, the lies don't produce anger or frustration. No, they bring on the laughs.
rotten	The two-plus hours is mostly marked by an emptiness born of scene after scene designed to blatantly manipulate emotions rather than trigger them.
rotten	The Longest Ride is sentimental, forced and silly, but it's sure to hit the bull's-eye with its intended audience.
rotten	As sexy as a rodeo clown and much slower.
rotten	Fairly tedious, despite the charm and sincerity of the actors.
rotten	There's little doubt where Cormac McCarthy-bashing Sparks's allegiances lie. The Longest Ride is truly no country for old ambiguity.
rotten	A weepie that smashes together the Holocaust, bull-riding and Alan Alda, and yet still doesn't achieve cheesy transcendency.
rotten	Insipid
rotten	Qualifies as one of the best Sparks films by virtue of not including any love-ghosts or destructive misinformation about how Alzheimer's works.
fresh	Carolina settings, star-crossed lovers, elements of tragedy: Sparks' formula works. Get out your handkerchiefs, and rest assured that there will be uplift at the end.
fresh	It's easy to tease a Nicholas Sparks movie. It's harder to admit that he's good at his niche - and has a string of 10 films, nearly all profitable, to prove it
fresh	A well-told love story that starts a little formulaic but quickly turns into something that's enjoyable to watch unfold.
fresh	[Nicholas Sparks'] stories can provoke any one of us, curmudgeon or no, to shed a tear or two over the impossible dream of living in one of his fairytale universes.
fresh	The film is likely to satisfy Sparks fans. And it brings something new to the romance genre: bull riding.
rotten	This predictably sudsy screen adaptation unabashedly oozes slush and sentimentality....
rotten	It's dumb, it's long, it's dull, but it isn't quite bad enough to be camp.
rotten	Appealing performances by a trio of second- and third-generation Hollywood kids keep this three-hankie twaddle more bearable than it deserves, but "Ride" will surely go the longest with audiences for whom this is not their first Sparks rodeo.
rotten	An undistinguished romantic drama that takes few risks and offers wish-fulfilling escapism with bland dutifulness.
rotten	Just as the basic plot points are hard to swallow, even the most rudimentary aspects of the characters' interactions feel forced, artificial and unspontaneous.
fresh	Delivers romance, passion, heartbreak and surprises - beautifully. The film is an ideal chick flick, date movie and emotional tour de force for anyone who is a romantic at heart
rotten	The real love story is between Eastwood and David Tattersall's camera, which spends so much time leering over the actor's cheekbones, abs and other attributes that you begin to wonder if someone's going to call Human Resources.
fresh	If it helps convey zoological and ecological lessons to children with short attention spans, then so be it.
fresh	All in all, this is one of Disneynature's best in-country outings so far, so much so that you're very likely to leave the theatre feeling downright giddy and more connected to the world than before.
fresh	Engaging live-action eco-documentary, combining education with entertainment...
fresh	Monkey Kingdom moves so smoothly and quickly that the filmmakers' time-consuming dedication and labor-intense toil stays, as it should be, invisible.
fresh	It might be tempting to roll your eyes at the Disney-ness of it all. Then again, maybe it's that Disney-ness that keeps you watching all the way to that happy ending in the first place.
fresh	This may be an unabashed, Disneyfied version of nature. But it's also fun, touching, and expertly assembled.
fresh	The filmmakers bring us to places and creatures we would never see otherwise, so we get education along with the entertainment
fresh	Tina Fey-narrated monkey documentary is funny, educational.
fresh	You'll wish the narrative could be as au naturel as the photography, but Monkey Kingdom makes for pleasantly diverting eco-tainment.
fresh	While previous entries in this series have been over-anthropomorphized, defanged and declawed, Mark Linfield & Alastair Fothergill's ("Earth," "Chimpanzee") latest is a winner with an organically spun story
fresh	This latest production showcases lavish, breathtaking cinematography, in addition to heartwarming stories about the inhabitants of these gorgeous lands.
fresh	It's a wondrous way for the whole family to spend 81 minutes. And most importantly, part of your ticket purchase during opening week goes to protecting this endangered species.
fresh	It pretty closely follows the Disneynature formula, so don't expect anything groundbreaking. You can, however, expect a sweet and entirely enjoyable all-ages delight.
fresh	Another winning entry in Disneynature's collection of easily accessible documentaries. (Full Content Review -- Violence, etc. -- for Parents also available)
fresh	You're likely to laugh and learn in equal measure-and so will your little ones.
fresh	An enjoyable documentary, with some painless lessons. And a good heart, too ...
fresh	Adorable as expected but also surprisingly absorbing, with marvelous narration from Tina Fey.
fresh	The story of the colony's exile and return feels like a dull sermon, but the animals themselves, with their expressive faces and Moe Howard hairdos, can switch from slapstick to pathos faster than Charlie Chaplin.
fresh	"Monkey Kingdom" clocks in at a very digestible 82 minutes and doesn't overstay its welcome. It doesn't monkey around - that's left to the film's subjects, who are more than happy to oblige.
rotten	Assess to what extent we're witnessing man-ufactured monkey life...[or] just pay no attention to the men and women behind the curtain and simply enjoy the underwater photography of monkeys swimming.
fresh	Monkey Kingdom is beautifully shot by co-directors Mark Linfield and Alastair Fothergill, who each have a slew of nature-doc credits to their names.
fresh	Stick around for the credits to find out how pivotal scenes were shot for this worthy addition to Disney's long tradition of nature family films.
rotten	Disneynature's documentaries have proven to be exquisite to watch, but time and again, they falter, if not fail outright, at telling stories without getting in their own way.
fresh	The film offers a valuable life lesson in the powers of determination and timing, but most of all it's darned entertaining.
fresh	You know how nature docs work. You forgive the hoked-up comic relief ... and tasteful allusions to death and dying and procreation because the tight shots of Maya's lil' Kip are so durn cuuuuute.
fresh	It's been clear for awhile now that Tina Fey rules. "Monkey Kingdom" is just the latest entertainment to benefit.
fresh	As much fun as a tree full of toque macaques, Monkey Kingdom is arguably the most entertaining of Disneynature's eight features.
rotten	It's hard to imagine what message children will take away from this film other than that monkeys are just like characters in a fictional Disney movie, which they are not.
fresh	Monkeys.
fresh	The lead monkeys are such an engaging trio, and the filmmakers are so successful in capturing them in vibrant images,that family audiences will probably be charmed, if not enthralled.
fresh	Everything Monkey Kingdom lacks in scientific rigor, it makes up for in pure entertainment value-and then some.
fresh	Monkey Kingdom may be Disneynature's low point thus far, but that doesn't mean it isn't a great time.
fresh	Although its chief asset is its inherently entertaining subject matter, "Monkey Kingdom" does far more than just let the cameras roll: It teases a compelling drama out of one monkey tribe's complicated social hierarchy ...
fresh	What we witness in Monkey Kingdom is nothing less than amazing.
fresh	"Monkey Kingdom" tugs our heartstrings to the top of the trees. With a lot of patience, and perhaps a little trickery, directors Mark Linfield and Alastair Fothergill have produced a simian "Cinderella."
fresh	"Monkey Kingdom" isn't going to be mistaken for science, but it's extremely entertaining.
fresh	If you don't love monkeys already - and really, we all should - then "Monkey Kingdom" will swing you in the right direction.
fresh	You couldn't do much better than "Monkey Kingdom" to get kids invested in learning about, and protecting, the natural world.
fresh	An engaging, kid-friendly nature doc with a hint of social commentary rolled in.
fresh	Monkey Kingdom is delightful, and its swinging and vaulting best any stuntwork you'll see in this year's summer blockbusters ...
fresh	The imagery of this film will linger in this reviewer's mind long after the monkey names are forgotten.
fresh	With its sumptuous photography, razor-sharp editing, and a delightfully comic narration by Tin Fey, "Monkey Kingdom" shows us like no other film in recent memory how closely animals act like people.
fresh	The cumulative effect is cheerily life-affirming, a bracing infusion of macaque-style joie de vivre.
fresh	The cheekiest, funniest, and most purely entertaining entry in the Disneynature series.
fresh	The film should hit the sweet spot for family audiences.
fresh	A populist take on simian society and alpha leadership leads to an entertaining look at caste systems in the animal kingdom.
fresh	Outrageously funny, though often bordering on bad taste.
rotten	Moviegoers aren't supposed to ask whether the jokes are in poor taste because the cast is so diverse, so everyone must approve, right? Even if you buy that logic, it doesn't excuse the poor execution.
rotten	Get Hard doesn't busy itself with being particularly innovative or original and instead either bastardizes or quotes much, much better films.
rotten	You're going to see certain things in most Will Ferrell movies, and 'Get Hard' is no exception:
fresh	The laughs are down to Ferrell and Hart, who hold the thing together.
rotten	Instead of carefully and smartly constructing the material on offer, they take the decidedly more amateur approach here of throwing up every gag they can think of on the wall.
rotten	Let's pretend prison rape jokes are funny (they're not) and cheap homophobia jokes are funny (also not). Even with all those concessions? Get Hard still isn't that funny.
rotten	Will Ferrell's one-note performances are becoming a bit tiring. The film plays lightly on the idea of racial stereotyping, but it just isn't funny enough to qualify as any sort of satire or penetrating social comment.
fresh	I laughed quite a bit at this movie ... but, at the same time, it felt like it left a lot on the table resulting in a film that is merely a shell of what it could have been.
rotten	...an increasingly unpleasant comedy, wasting two very funny stars in a barrage of prison rape gags, lazy stereotypes, toilet stall indignities and insincere acceptance of people already marginalized in movies.
rotten	100 mins of overplayed, undernourished comedy acts like a retarding serum.
rotten	While the actors are certainly a more pleasing combination, Get Hard leaves a similarly nasty aftertaste.
rotten	It's hard to recall a movie with such a huge platform appearing to be so out of touch with society.
rotten	Ferrell and Hart strain to deliver the jokes
rotten	"Get Hard" is all the more repulsive because Farrell and Hart are overwhelmingly unfunny. The screenplay shoots for the lowest common denominator and succeeds. It's Easter come early, with eggs laid everywhere.
rotten	On paper, Get Hard might have been a prison riot, but on screen, lazy writing turns it into a longer-than-necessary letdown.
rotten	Ferrell and Hart work tirelessly to stay on their feet as the comedic ground crumbles underneath them and their talent.
rotten	Will Ferrell and Kevin Hart work diligently to soften the movie's mean spirit.
rotten	Offensive on many levels, even before you factor in the ironic (but not really) racial banter between Ferrell and Hart - or the sleazy objectification of some of its (minor) female characters.
rotten	A confused and contradictory mess.
rotten	This will be tagged racist by some and commended for puncturing racism by others. There are a number of choice bits, yet for every couple of gags that work, there's one that falls flat. The odds when it comes to the homophobic material are even worse.
rotten	One may be patient with raunchy stupidity - but not with those who are proud of it.
rotten	I wanted to tell the film-makers where to shove it, but having seen the movie it's clear that they've already done so.
rotten	If you think jokes about prison rapes are funny, you might enjoy this movie. If not, steer clear.
rotten	Ferrell has stuck to the formulaic farce that made him a star, even as his roles have been shifting from antic instigator to bewildered straight man.
fresh	Get Hard is like a flaccid dick standing with the assistance of two splints; Ferrell and Hart.
rotten	Dumb, juvenile comedy has its place when it's funny. Unfortunately, too often in Get Hard, it's not.
rotten	Get Hard has grand ambitions, packaging trenchant social commentary in a crass R-rated comedy. But it's undermined by a blind eye toward homophobia.
fresh	The combined power of Kevin Hart and Will Ferrell is enough to make Get Hard's raunchy and juvenile look at prison life a whole lot of depraved fun.
fresh	It's really nothing more than a raunchy comedy. And that's okay. It made me laugh.
rotten	From its juvenile double entendre title to its fascination with prison rape and homophobic humor, "Get Hard" practically announces itself as an offensive, tired and unimaginative comedy in nearly every scene.
rotten	'Get Hard's' affability barely outweighs its offensive stereotypes.
fresh	A crude farce based on racial stereotypes, homophobia, and prison rape. Get Hard is incredibly stupid and juvenile...but I laughed, I laughed enough to recommend it.
rotten	The film feels like a 100-minute prison rape joke.
rotten	Feels like someone had a great pitch for a smart, satirical comedy about race that got greenlit so fast he had to try to write it on the car ride to the set.
rotten	Kevin Hart gives his all, but infectious energy does little to rescue the heavy-handedness of Get Hard.
rotten	If the silly, juvenile double-entendre title isn't enough to warn you,...this is an enormously dispiriting movie. I'd like to see Will Ferrell devote his God-given talent to uplifting erudite comedies instead of this unfunny jejune low class junk.
rotten	Comedy needn't be PC. But being offensive isn't funny, either.
rotten	The director Etan Cohen neither gets the best out of his two leads nor manages to give his story much of a satirical or political kick.
fresh	It's a modestly entertaining burlesque that might have been more upsetting if it weren't at least somewhat offensive. It adeptly satirizes racism and, less successfully, homophobia.
fresh	Get Hard packs an impressive gag-rate into its fairly thin premise.
rotten	With such a promising premise at its center, Get Hard could have been scathingly, satirically funny, a kind of 48 HRS meets Trading Places for moderns, but, oh, man, it's not.
rotten	It trucks in stereotypes (black, white, Latino, female -- the list is long) and plays clumsily with sexuality. Still, the movie's greatest and altogether familiar sin is that it's stupid.
rotten	Get Hard turns out to be a far cry from something like Trading Places or even the clever first half of the class-insurrection comedy of Tower Heist.
rotten	Maybe, in a less enlightened time, Get Hard would seem like a scathing satire. As it plays today, however, it's more embarrassing than entertaining.
rotten	It feels like a bunch of off-color jokes the filmmakers have been trying to tell for years, and they've crammed them all into one film - with tiresome results.
fresh	Get Hard is not only a lot smarter than you think, but also Will Ferrell's funniest film since 2008&#8242;s Step Brothers... & Kevin Hart's best performance on screen so far...
rotten	It can't find much of a tone, and it's neither sharply constructed, nor is it reckless or anarchic.
fresh	"Get Hard" does have a few laugh-out-loud moments, and a couple of priceless scenes. But, as with most comedies lately, it has more than its share of cringe-inducing shots,
rotten	The thin material by a gaggle of writers does not sustain the laughs. Perhaps there's too much emphasis on James hiding homemade shivs "where the sun don't shine".
fresh	Comedy riffs on wealth gap, race but relies on stereotypes.
rotten	It's hard to find anything remotely funny or fun about Get Hard.
fresh	Audiences may be divided over whether this comedy crosses the line as it looks for laughs in racism and homophobia, but...
rotten	Humor often is in bad taste and isn't politically correct, but "Get Hard" takes the wrong tack on the wrong issues at the wrong time.
fresh	If you put this movie on a set of scales, I think the laughs do outweigh the non-laughs. (Full Content Review -- Sex, Profanity, Violence, etc. -- for Parents also available)
rotten	If you love rape jokes, "Get Hard" is your movie.
rotten	A blast of scattershot raunch, you say? The star bares his pasty butt? Is it a Will Ferrell movie?
fresh	Get Hard gets the job done, but I feel sad for the loss of what could have been.
fresh	Will you laugh? Absolutely. Could this have been a better film? Definitely.
fresh	[An] occasionally hilarious and constantly filthy comedy featuring more penis references than a PhD in human biology.
rotten	Not entirely unfunny.
fresh	Your standard Ferrell/Hart vehicle that's rarely witty enough to live up to its potential, but still delivers enough laughs for those seeking a silly comedy.
rotten	The highest praise I can give "Get Hard" is that it is not quite as awful as it could have been.
rotten	A lazy attempt to drag out a Funny or Die-style skit to feature length by continuously recycling about eight minutes worth of gags.
rotten	Expect over-the-top idiocy. Expect graphic sexual gags. Expect a lesson on the prison art of 'keistering.' And, yes, expect lots of dicey racial humor.
rotten	Will Ferrell has built his film career on being an everyman or a naif devoid of self-consciousness. In Etan Cohen's Get Hard, Ferrell goes with the latter, but adds a patina of ultra-rich entitlement.
fresh	The movie seeks to make you laugh while also risking offense by going too far. It succeeds on both counts.
fresh	Silly, offensive but effective.
rotten	Weighed down by endless jokes about prison rape, relentless homophobia and a bevy of absurd stereotypes, this Will Ferrell and Kevin Hart film sinks into an abyss of failure.
rotten	The distasteful, often flat Get Hard succeeds only as a testament to the resilience of talent.
rotten	With Ferrell and Hart involved, it's probably impossible for anyone to completely resist their baser instincts to be amused by the patently offensive. Though it's hard not to wish more moviegoers would.
fresh	It's still ultimately a disposable work, but at least while it's going, it hits hard.
fresh	It's tricky territory to tread, and Get Hard doesn't always get it right, but in a nation where racial and economic divides are growing issues, it deserves credit for trying.
fresh	The high concept is delivered more or less efficiently: basically an incorrect and funnier version of Spike Lee's 25th Hour, with a dash of Trading Places.
rotten	The oft-repeated gags about prison rape and the frequent racial stereotypes become such a drag that solitary confinement might be a welcome break.
rotten	A movie that refuses to recognize when it's going too far, with its wince-eliciting jokes about jailhouse rape in particular.
rotten	A movie you're waiting to finish rather than anticipating the finale.
rotten	If you don't think the over-rehearsed prospect of prison rape - specifically, black-on-white prison rape - is quite enough of a comedy goldmine to sustain a whole feature, tell that to the screenwriters.
fresh	Will Ferrell is looking at ten years in the slammer in a comedy that delivers a hard slap in the face to political correctness.
fresh	If Get Hard isn't quite the biting satire that its premise would imply - though it's more unabashedly eat-the-rich than some critics have given it credit for - it's consistently ridiculous enough to be funny more often than not.
fresh	Pairing Ferrell's looming, kooky calm with Hart's pint-sized, pugnacious bluster proves a complimentary meshing, rising star Hart's incredulous observer an audience stand-in for Ferrell's boor-out-of-water style comedy.
rotten	The movie overcompensates for its lack of cleverness with an oversimplified story and an enormous amount of lowbrow humor.
rotten	Funny bits come along every now and then, and the co-stars work desperately hard for their salaries. But the spectacle is depressing for what it says of mainstream studio standards.
rotten	Here is an ounce of credit to Get Hard for avoiding any mention of the innuendo involving an inmate dropping the soap in the prison shower.
rotten	Since anyone who has seen the trailer has already seen many of the film's best moments, making it through to the end does feel like something of a life sentence.
rotten	Get Hard is just smart enough and funny enough to make you realize that with a little actual effort it might have been much more funny. But why bother writing jokes or a plot when it's easier to talk about how much anal rape goes on in prison?
rotten	'Get Hard' might be the perfect flick to show at your next frat party at the University of Oklahoma.
rotten	All the comedic and visual elan of an amateur YouTube fratboy prank, include nonstop rape jokes and rampant homophobia. Are you laughing yet?
rotten	A movie which light-heartedly treads around ideas of corruption, race relations and corporate greed, Get Hard somehow manages to fall flat at almost every corner.
rotten	My complaint isn't that the film is "racist"- it's that it doesn't use that sort of material to do anything particularly original or funny.
rotten	Anal rape jokes and racial stereotypes dominate this third-rate comedy.
rotten	Leaves a gap that should be filled with gags.
fresh	Get Hard is stupid, raunchy and offensive -- but that's what it's going for.
rotten	The whole film is a nonstop parade of dick jokes, rape jokes, and Will Ferrell making the same goofy faces he first introduced on SNL ages ago.
fresh	Get Hard manages to be funny enough to both recommend and to laugh at out loud without feeling public embarrassment.
rotten	Get Hard is hard to sit through and hardly funny.
rotten	The germ of an interesting idea in Get Hard is completely overshadowed by the onslaught of jokes meant to be boundary-pushing and edgy.
fresh	Subtly, not in a way anyone would notice without looking for it, the movie switches back and forth, giving each comedian a chance to be the funny one and the other to lend support.
fresh	Ideally, this would be Blazing Saddles for folks who chug kombucha. Yet it's harder to satirize race today than it was 40 years ago - more sensitive times impose gentler jokes.
rotten	The film's numbing lack of intelligence, exhibited from the start, makes "Get Hard" tough to watch, even by Hart/Ferrell standards.
rotten	In a parallel world, there is a version of this movie that is just as offensive, but also funny and smart. It's a pity we will never see it.
rotten	Tries hard to turn Ferrell/Hart into Wilder/Pryor but fails miserably.
rotten	by the final act, the entire fish-out-of-water concept is scrapped as Hart and Ferrell play bumbling cops and robbers and attempt to solve a crime. Haven't we been punished enough?
rotten	Descends so far into racial stereotyping, offhanded homophobia, class division, sexual coarseness and scatological gags that whatever chemistry the stars might have brought to the table is pretty much dissipated.
fresh	Hart and Ferrell may not be Pryor and Wilder, but they score several laughs in this slim comedy.
rotten	Get Hard is a movie that wants to be perverse so bad ... but the delicate line necessary has scribble marks all over it. Get Hard is sad scribble.
rotten	It's like a chocolate wrapped in poop and then dipped in more chocolate. There's no way to enjoy it without tasting some crap.
rotten	it requires an awful lot of dense conceptual thinking to see Get Hard as a genuine satire of race, and not an exercise in old-fashioned stereotype-based comedy.
rotten	This is a horrible idea for a movie. It is, however, a decent idea for an extended sketch, and that's how the first two-thirds of the movie plays.
rotten	The dubious merit of tiresome "don't drop the soap" jokes aside, "Get Hard" sometimes veers perilously close to committing the very sins it aspires to criticize.
rotten	I laughed when Ferrell smashed a bottle of beer on the sidewalk, just to show he's tough, but if that's a movie's standout bit, that movie's no standout.
rotten	Will Ferrell and Kevin Hart join forces for a fitfully amusing but problematically conceived modern-day version of Trading Places.
rotten	I wish the on-point shots taken at the so-called investor class weren't just a prelude to a rather generic, weak-willed, and vulgar farce.
rotten	Get Hard is one limp noodle.
rotten	It's hard to believe the man who co-wrote "Tropic Thunder" and "Idiocracy" could be responsible for a movie this dreadful.
rotten	Getting huge laughs somewhere from Beavis and Butt-Head or their real-life equivalents.
rotten	"Get Hard" is not challenging its audience; it's pandering to it and trying to get away with weak material.
rotten	Before the movie has even really begun, it's already fudging its own premise and undermining its satire.
rotten	Get Hard tries for easy laughs over intelligent commentary, but it doesn't succeed at either one.
rotten	"Get Hard" wants to be a brash, unapologetic look at race and class but only wrings a few laughs from those topics, mostly spending its time floundering around in a dumb plot.
rotten	Somewhere amid the unbearable stereotypes that choke this sophomoric comedy is a potent blue-collar revenge fantasy about an arrogant white-collar crook getting his just comeuppance.
fresh	Only the humorless will frown at Ferrell's easy way with white-guy entitlement. "I'm going to be attending San Quentin," the Harvard grad sniffs, almost as a point of pride; later, after tasting thug life, he calls it an "ambrosia of primal sensations."
rotten	Get Hard is not only a bad movie but a profoundly wasted opportunity.
rotten	It's still a dumb movie, but the kind of dumb movie that, by bravely (or stupidly) strutting its way into prickly social discussions accidentally makes cogent points about same. Sometimes.
fresh	For some reason this movie offended a lot of critic-types at SXSW but the only thing that would really be offensive here is if it wasn't funny. And thanks to a nice teaming of Will Ferrell and Kevin Hart this is surprisingly funny stuff.
fresh	Racist, and more than a little homophobic. But also frequently funny, until it gets really silly trying to follow a plot.
rotten	"Get Hard" isn't edgy enough to be offensive or witty enough to be challenging. It's just dumb.
fresh	In this occasionally brilliant, if somewhat uneven, showcase of speedy plotting and even speedier improvisation, Hart and Ferrell's chemistry is such that it seems certain to pair them up in the future.
fresh	Ferrell and Hart work well together: both are highly verbal performers, supported by a script full of unlikely linguistic flourishes.
rotten	For a movie whose premise depends on the mockery of someone who offensively stereotypes (Ferrell's character assumes that Hart's has been to prison), it deals heavily in stereotypes itself, wanting its cake and eating it too.
rotten	It already seems more dated than Trading Places - not to mention less savvy about all the subjects it pretends to be addressing while it tries to make us laugh.
fresh	Laughter trumps political fairness; and Get Hard made me laugh at, and with, situations I hadn't thought could tickle me. The movie has a warm heart beating under its seemingly scabrous shell.
rotten	If you're disturbed by white-collar crime, but not quite as disturbed as you are by gay sex, then congratulations: You might possess just the right combo of social conscience and unexamined homophobia needed to fully enjoy Get Hard.
fresh	There's a daring comedy somewhere inside writer Etan Cohen's directorial debut, which simultaneously trivializes and solemnizes the prospect of prison rape.
fresh	"Get Hard" is worth a look for fans of Will Ferrell and Kevin Hart. And the two do work well together. But anyone with a low tolerance for politically incorrect stereotyping and lowbrow humor should sit this one out.
rotten	Get Hard isn't terrible. It's funny often enough to stave off impatience. That's something, I guess.
rotten	Kevin Hart shoehorned into a standard issue Will Ferrell character comedy
fresh	Offensive by design and low-brow by nature, the joke wears thin by the end, but the film's saving grace is its raw energy; a feeling that anything goes, as the narrative leapfrogs from one unlikely bad-taste scenario to the next
fresh	An inspired pairing of the relentlessly absurd Ferrell and the motor-mouthed Hart at the top of their games.
fresh	It's stupid and immature, but I mean that as a compliment. Stupid and immature is funny.
rotten	The greatest comedic geniuses of our time or any other couldn't improve on a script as basically, fundamentally wrong as GET HARD's.
rotten	"Get Hard" is an absolutely horrible, amateurishly assembled comedy that is more offensive than just about anything we've seen lately.
rotten	Finally, a comedy that homophobes, racists and generally stupid people can all enjoy together!
rotten	Unfortunately, Hart and Ferrell just couldn't get hard enough for me.
rotten	Get Hard quickly descends from an off-putting comedy of opposites to the kind of movie that time and the changing styles of comedy in the modern age will turn into a relic sooner rather than later.
rotten	Hey, did you know that in prison, there is a lot of RAPE?
rotten	The script, by TV comedy writers Jay Martel and Ian Roberts, doesn't give the stars much to work with and their apparent improvisation is only fleetingly effective.
fresh	Written down, this sounds horrendous; watching it, I have to admit that I laughed ...
fresh	What holds the audience is a dark undercurrent of not so much dread as uncertainty. Your senses tell you that something is off-kilter, yet you can't place your finger on what it is.
fresh	Borrowing body parts from the age old horror/sci-fi workbook, Alex Garland makes a female Frankenstein movie (sort of) and interrogates the pursuit of AI in the process
fresh	Although there's a fatal flaw that diminishes its overall satisfaction rating, this is a dazzling film filled with intrigue and an innate edginess that is elevated by three startlingly good performances
fresh	Ex Machina will work best for those who are intrigued by the mere thought of artificial intelligence.
fresh	The sharply written film is cerebral yet doesn't bog down in enigmatic concepts or scientific mumbo-jumbo.
fresh	Oscar Isaac upstages impressive visual effects and set design
fresh	While we may tire of Caleb and Nathan's boilerplate debates about AI, the film's ominous undercurrents keep us awake and attentive.
fresh	Unlike most science fiction films, this one has smart characters, a smart plot and smart dialog. It also has romance, murder and suspense. This is a suspenseful, disturbing and thought-provoking film.
fresh	When the story is all over there has been surprisingly little story told, but the viewer will have been privy to some very sophisticated philosophical ideas.
fresh	It is a pounding psychological thriller that plants its seeds of doubt from its opening cues and builds to a tremendously affecting crescendo.
fresh	This really isn't the sort of movie in which we should talk about performances and plot.
fresh	Brainy sci-fi thriller.
fresh	The first homoerotic sci-fi thriller of the year!
fresh	While some decisions made by characters in the final act feel rushed and even unwarranted, I was always interested to see where this story went.
fresh	A.I. goes A.W.O.L. in this minimalist sci-fi thriller from England that's justifiably turning heads for its brilliant production design, brainy cat-and-mouse narrative, and vice-like tension.
fresh	Alex Garland's intense, mind-melding sci-fi thriller is the most intriguing movie I've seen so far this year.
fresh	A thought-provoking thriller guaranteed to keep you enthralled while reassessing the meaning of consciousness
fresh	The movie milks its desolate setting for maximum impact: Nathan's secluded house-cum-laboratory is cannily employed as its own self-contained petri dish, with existential quandaries being analyzed under Garland's morally tuned microscope.
fresh	Ex Machina is the best movie I've seen all year.
fresh	Ex Machina is memorable and downright challenging, full of sharp performances that blur the lines between humanity and programming.
fresh	Intelligent and provocative, with more than a little relevance to the world we live in.
fresh	There's a lot happening in Ex Machina and we're never entirely sure what will happen next.
fresh	It's rare for a science-fiction film's high-concept to get stolen out from under it by a performance -- but then again, Isaac appears to be a rare kind of actor.
fresh	[A] methodically absorbing sci-fi drama.
fresh	For one thing, it's gorgeously shot. For another, it actually takes its own ideas seriously. This is a special film.
fresh	The film differentiates itself nicely from others of its ilk, for lurking beneath the heady stuff is a tense, frightening horror film.
fresh	Through cues both understated and not so much, the grim implications ("grimplications?") of creating a fembot with the potential to go full Skynet are clear.
fresh	Garland's primary concern is his flesh-and-blood characters, even though they are not nearly as showy (or beautiful) as his main attraction, the vulnerable, delicate girl with a heart of steel and wires.
fresh	A heady piece of sci-fi, fleshed out with terrific performances, a smart script, solid special effects & expert direction. So far, it's one of the best films of 2015. (Full Content Review - Sex, Profanity, Violence, etc. - for Parents also available)
fresh	Garland's commitment to his weird, edgy material, and his unhurried and thoughtful execution of it, makes "Ex Machina" something special.
fresh	Alex Garland's directorial debut ranks among my favorite movies this year.
fresh	A clever film with one indelible performance from Isaac.
fresh	"Ex Machina" takes its time, wrestling with questions of responsibility, morality and compassion while getting ever weirder. At its heart is Ava, played with a fine blend of innocence and quiet panic by Vikander.
fresh	While slowly paced, the feature isn't dull, emerging as a potent study of power and corruption, setting a sinister, tech-heavy atmosphere that almost seems achievable in our day and age.
fresh	At heart, Garland is a genre filmmaker, but his movies have more depth than their contemporaries. Additionally, he's cast his movie brilliantly.
fresh	Ex Machina packs a scientist's brain inside a thrill seeker's body, much like the nubile robot within it.
fresh	It's a teasingly slow build -- part love story, part science experiment -- that makes a few of the movie's twists seem even more surprising.
fresh	[Oscar] Isaac - buffed, bald, and bearded - is the film's dramatic center as Nathan, a man betrayed by his own genius. He struts, he speechifies, he schemes, he scolds, all friendly menace and sly frankness.
fresh	Ex Machina is incredibly slow moving and never really escalates to an exciting pace, but its slow burn mentality and ability to ignore being rushed is what makes it so enticing. This is a film that undeniably revitalizes the sci-fi genre.
fresh	Like stage actors who live and breathe their roles over the course of months, Isaac, Gleeson, and Vikander excel, and cast a spell.
fresh	This futuristic take on age-old motivations, jealousy and betrayal among them, makes Ex Machina clever and engaging throughout.
fresh	This is [Garland's] first turn as director, and it suits him; he's created a cautionary tale that entertains even as it forces us to think.
fresh	Ex Machina is one of the smartest horror movies to come along in years. It doesn't count on big scares and excessive violence to make its points but shows that intellect left unchecked can be equally as frightening.
fresh	"Ex Machina" is a tense tale of artificial love so intelligently crafted and edgy that I adored it myself.
fresh	With a stellar cast and seductive look, "Ex Machina" is a sleek contraption for capturing our imagination.
fresh	A neat psychological thriller for the digital age. Great performances compensate for a slightly slim story.
fresh	'Ex Machina' knows that cinema's dirty little secret has always been that it shares as much with porn as it does with literature.
fresh	It's great when a movie messes with your head.
fresh	A smart, entertaining sci-fi thriller with dazzling performances and clever psychological sparring, human and otherwise.
rotten	After tantalizing us with increasingly imaginative developments and the promise of catharsis, Garland lets it all dribble away at the end.
rotten	A B-movie that tried to be something better but stayed a B-movie.
fresh	Evokes Stanley Kubrick as much as the similarly excellent Under the Skin last year. A must-see for fans of either.
fresh	A masterpiece. Alex Garland puts teeth and a chill into what has either been an empty sci-fi threat, or else has been sentimentalized to death, as in the very bad Chappie.
fresh	Ex Machina is the best kind of speculative fiction: its action is brisk, its characters startling, and its meanings multifarious.
fresh	Beautifully shot and wonderfully acted, it's an enjoyable, grown-up entertainment, even if it leaves us wanting something deeper.
fresh	Despite following a great deal of well-worn territory, the film manages to engage its audience with its icy and efficient delivery and consistent undercurrent of malevolence.
fresh	It's the kind of film that seems to me shy of a masterpiece right now, but one where I may well find it to be with time and repeat viewings.
rotten	Alex Garland has written some of the best science fiction films of this century, so it's startling to see him succeed more as a director than as a writer here.
fresh	Most movies don't pass the smell test, let alone the Turing Test, but "Ex Machina" aces both with the sort of intelligence -- artificial or otherwise -- often absent from contemporary sci-fi.
fresh	The Swedish actress Alicia Vikander ("The Fifth Estate") infuses Ava with the just the right mixture of iciness, vulnerability and mystery. It's a star-making performance.
rotten	Premise grabs, but more like excruciating eventually. I, Nobot.
rotten	It's the predictability that ultimately hurts "Ex Machina". Talk about killing the suspense ---
fresh	We can extract at least one truism from this imaginative and beguiling story. Women hate to be treated as chattel --- even if they're robots.
fresh	"Ex Machina" is an exquisite puzzle box of a picture. It baffles. It unsettles. It intrigues.
fresh	A beautifully-crafted science fiction drama that recalls the ingenuity and brilliance of "Jurassic Park."
fresh	It may not be a modern masterpiece of sci-fi, but it's close enough to pass for one.
fresh	Visually stunning, intellectually provocative, emotionally powerful.
rotten	The ideas here don't breathe. They simply take us from one plot point to the next.
fresh	"Ex Machina" isn't quite "Citizen Kane" for an era of Internet tycoons, but it suggests that that's not such a bad idea.
fresh	Garland also seduces with clean frames, sleek, elegant surfaces, and the most physically convincing of robots on screen in memory. Sentience is sexy!
fresh	A singularly chilling cinematic stunner that coexists as a wild daydream and a prescient glimpse into the future.
fresh	A rattling and ruminative piece of speculative fiction, Ex Machina is good enough to wish it were even better.
fresh	Its aura of cool menace is largely attributable to Isaac, stealing his every scene as the smoothly bullying CEO, and production designer Mark Digby, who created the millionaire's sleek, high-tech mountain fortress.
fresh	Ex Machina addresses heady issues of A.I., exploring what it means to be human or, more important, what it means to be an imitation of humanity so real, what's the actual difference?
fresh	A coolly cerebral sci-fi tale that really isn't all that inventive but nonetheless casts quie a spell.
fresh	"Ex Machina" is a smart, exceptionally stylish head trip.
fresh	Garland sidles up to some large ideas, some more provocative than others, and his premise hints at the costs of perpetual, omnivorous surveillance.
fresh	It's hard to imagine another director squeezing as many shades and colors from his screenplay as Garland did, and from now on, it would be understandable if he insisted on directing everything he writes.
fresh	Alex Garland brilliantly brings the past into the present with the near-future tale Ex Machina, a stark but dazzling meditation on intelligence, consciousness and morality that discreetly uses special effects in service of story, dialogue and character.
fresh	Merciless, efficient and terrifyingly logical...
fresh	Ex Machina is intelligent science fiction operating at a very high level.
fresh	It will make you look at every other movie about artificial intelligence in a whole new way.
rotten	More tricky than smart.
fresh	In the final analysis, the movie doesn't offer much about the subject that hasn't been previously explored, but the soil is fertile and many ideas germinate.
fresh	Garland more than establishes himself as talent to watch. The perfect balance between the cerebral and the emotional, crafting a thrilling film that still remains intellectually provocative - A difficult creature to build indeed.
fresh	The best thing about "Ex Machina" is the robotic depiction of Ava, a sleek humanoid that exudes sex appeal.
fresh	Slow paced, but thought provoking science fiction.
fresh	A thrilling work of sci-fi ... a smart and visually alluring film that contemplates chilling questions about where technology is headed and the consequences of playing God.
fresh	Beautifully haunting.
fresh	With Ex Machina writer/director Alex Garfield delivers a science fiction film full of concepts and ideas versus overblown visual effects.
fresh	Like Ava herself, Garland manipulates our sympathies, rendering his climax all the more horrifying and his denouement, albeit understated, terrifying.
fresh	This is the best, most credible, of the artificial intelligence movies to date. Garland keeps the tension up and the pace moving by tackling many thought-provoking existential issues. I was pleasantly surprised, rewarded, by what I had just seen.
rotten	The writer and director, Alex Garland, keeps the movie so full of doomy atmosphere that expecting the worst sort of becomes a treat. But gradually the hypnosis wears off, the mystique dissipates, and banalities take over.
fresh	Many movies...almost require a reverse Turing test - you can't quite believe they were written by humans, rather than number-crunching machines. I'm happy to say Ex Machina would pass.
fresh	A chilly yet engrossing drama, elevated beyond its four-people-locked-in-a-house framework by the eerie beauty of the production design and the thoughtful curiosity of Garland's screenplay.
fresh	Ex Machina achieves that rare combination of eliciting both strong thoughts and feelings, and it deserves to be known as a sci-fi classic.
fresh	A TED Talk in the form of a movie, with a few creepy twists and suspenseful deceptions that keep the plot moving forward.
fresh	[O]ne of the finest sci-fi productions of the decade... as intellectually compelling as it is emotionally provocative.
fresh	Gleeson is terrific and Vikander, who stars in five other films this year alone, is a revelation. As is Ex Machina, a movie that looks like something destined to be savored, watched and re-watched endlessly over the years.
fresh	We will be very lucky if we get another movie either as good or better this year.
fresh	...doesn't hold a candle to Spike Jonze's "Her" for insights into man's relationship with artificial intelligence. For all its stunning locations, brilliant design and seamless visual effects, the story begs the question 'Is that all there is?'
fresh	A small sci-fi classic...
fresh	Although "Ex Machina" is small and talky - it has just four characters, and the only action comes at the end - it also looks good. The set direction is interesting and evocative. The effects impress but don't overwhelm.
fresh	Shrewdly imagined and persuasively made, "Ex Machina" is a spooky piece of speculative fiction that's completely plausible, capable of both thinking big thoughts and providing pulp thrills.
fresh	While Mr. Garland wants to tease your brain, he's an entertainer, and in time ditches science and philosophy for romance and action.
fresh	turns a standard story into something quite special
rotten	Reasonably diverting until its predictable (and predictably misogynistic) outcome.
fresh	It's become far too commonplace to overuse the term 'masterpiece,' but Alex Garland's directorial debut comes about as close as you can get.
fresh	I know, I know. You've seen all this A.I. stuff before. But never like this. Garland is hot for ethical shop talk on what defines humanity or lack of same.
fresh	Sizzlingly smart and agreeably sententious, Mr. Garland's film transcends some all-too-human imperfections with gorgeous images, astute writing and memorably strong performances.
fresh	This is a classic film.
fresh	If any film needed a brief, impromptu hip hop dance scene (Oscar Isaac, predictably, has moves), it's one attempting a treatise on the meaning of existence.
fresh	It makes up for its linearity with verve, first in the impeccably controlled, intellectually rigorous direction, and then in the performances.
fresh	The year's most seductive high-IQ drama.
fresh	Ex Machina is beautiful and ominous and features another delicately nuanced performance from Isaac, who's quickly making a habit of them. But in the end, for all of Garland's ambition, his reach winds up exceeding his grasp.
rotten	Clever novelist and screenwriter Alex Garland makes a half-dandy directorial debut with Ex Machina, a sci-fi film that - like much of his work - fakes excitingly in the direction of breaking new ground before turning formulaic so fast.
fresh	Austere, cerebral and chilling
fresh	For a first-time director, Garland seems assured. His sharp, sparse dialogue and meticulous direction are equally compelling, and the trio of lead performances are top-notch.
fresh	Make no mistake, this is a film of ideas-sadder, quieter, more delicate than the Hollywood sci-fi standard-where every sliding wall of opaque glass suggests something about technology and the way people would use it.
fresh	It's the film version of an iPhone: small, expensive-looking and a touch overhyped - plus an addictive sales pitch for whatever Garland makes next.
fresh	It doesn't quite add up in the end, but it's heady stuff anyway, dense with moments of shivery beauty and frightening ideas.
fresh	An intriguing four-character sci-fi drama about explorers of artificial intelligence.
fresh	"Ex Machina" shows there's still life left in tales of artificial intelligence.
fresh	By going deep on a simple construct, Ex Machina establishes itself as a unique and deeply unsettling psychological thriller that's both necessary and unforgettable.
fresh	With uncommon intelligence and the even more uncommon ability to look without blinking, Garland's made the one of the best sci-fi films of the past several years, a wicked and wise parable of the near-now that's honed to a gleam.
fresh	Smart, sexy, and back-loaded with a terrific twist ending, "Ex Machina" is an elegant sci-fi movie that considers the possibilities of artificial intelligence in thought-provoking ways.
fresh	Wickedly smart and often wickedly funny, this delightfully entertaining science fiction drama is one of the best films of the year.
fresh	'Ex Machina' is a very cool science-fiction movie.
rotten	Beautifully crafted, but empty at its core.
fresh	"Ex Machina," despite the stutters, slowly finds its grip and starts to squeeze.
fresh	A sleek, good-looking meditation on the nature of artificial intelligence, on what happens when we create robots that can pass for human.
fresh	Ex Machina is what I call an existential horror movie. It feels as visceral as anything created by the Crichtons, Spielbergs, and Scotts of an era gone by, but it's got a contemporary, current, and forward-thinking propulsion to it.
rotten	The real question may be: can our philosophies about artificial intelligence evolve with our stories?
fresh	Might not be the first film about the dangers inherent in giving robots free will, but it's certainly one of the most accomplished.
rotten	There comes a point where, if we have been paying attention, we know what will happen once a character walks out a door.
rotten	In the end, more than just the machine remains an enigma.
fresh	It's a very smart movie and seems to almost be cognitive of what the audience is thinking ... one of the best pure sci-fi movies to come out in a very long time.
fresh	...[Ex Machina] never stops being slick, cool, and polished, its intelligence not artificial at all.
fresh	A confident, engrossing debut.
fresh	Like the artificial intelligence at its center, EX MACHINA is an experience that is both cerebral and sensual. It's riveting. It has secrets. And it will certainly surprise you.
fresh	It's a place where man's social retardation and his sexual fantasies collide.
fresh	Compelling, claustrophobic, cutting edge and clever, Ex Machina is as smart and satisfying as science fiction gets.
fresh	An intriguingly stripped-down sci-fi thriller about artificial intelligence that's fully attuned to its more blockbuster elements yet pleasingly cerebral at the same time.
fresh	The film touches an exposed nerve: the nagging fear that sometime in the not-too-distant future computers will outstrip and outsmart their creators.
fresh	This is knowingly seductive sci-fi cinema, its slyly subversive allegiances hidden by the two-way mirror of the silver screen, its androids dreaming of much more than mere electric sheep.
fresh	Closer to Caryl Churchill's stage play A Number than to, say, THX-1138, this tight, tense virtual three- hander sings with creative disharmony.
rotten	There's nothing fresh or even usefully true in its cartoonish dichotomy about men, but this pseudo-SF flick will expound upon it with pretentious tedium.
fresh	Cool! It's a trip! All Alex Garland's creations are a trip.
fresh	Garland has produced something seductively strange, consistently thought-provoking and admirably adult.
fresh	Its thought-provoking themes will gnaw at your own humanity long after the shocking finale has bowed.
fresh	Novelist and screenwriter Alex Garland's first film as a director takes some very old ideas and gives them an ingenious new spin.
rotten	There are sweeping helicopter shots and chic cinematography but this three-hander isn't cinema: it's a Ted talk shot in a boutique hotel, with ideas about consciousness and evolution itemised rather than dramatised.
fresh	Ex Machina is a smart, tricksy study of artificial intelligence and tech-sex that explores a credible near-future take on the man-machine relationship.
fresh	Ex Machina feels like an elegant SF short story with a droll twist that has been pumped up and sexed up into an over-bulky feature film. But it's managed with confidence.
fresh	Smart, swanky, a little inhuman and preternaturally well crafted.
fresh	Slick and seductive, this exploration of artificial intelligence may essentially only have three characters, but it's complex, provocative and thoroughly engaging.
fresh	Stylish, elegant, tense, cerebral, satirical and creepy. Garland's directorial debut is his best work yet, while Vikander's bold performance will short your circuits.
fresh	Feels like a pathway to grander things for Garland.
fresh	"Ex Machina" is one of the headiest and most impressive sci-fi debuts since "Moon," and if we see more than a handful of movies better than it across the next twelve months, 2015 will be a terrific year.
fresh	The lush setting avoids the stifling grey look of so many other sci-fi films and the commendably-restrained special effects are as outstanding as the three fast-rising lead actors.
fresh	This is bewitchingly smart science fiction of a type that's all too rare. Its intelligence is anything but artificial.
fresh	As thoughtful as it is thrilling, Ex Machina is a razor-sharp and nimble character drama which takes a controlled nosedive into exhilarating sci-fi horror.
fresh	There's no little hint of Kubrick and Hitchcockian paranoia to Alex Garland's debut as writer-director, a nifty, quasi-Gothic three-hander of great performances and unerring control.
fresh	A bit more intelligence would not have gone amiss.
fresh	Ex Machina is smart, sexy and thrilling sci-fi filmmaking at its most fascinating.
fresh	There's a lot going on here. But don't think for a second this is troublesome critic-fodder. It's thrilling.
fresh	A smart, accomplished piece of work that presses all the right buttons.
fresh	Gleeson convinces as a desperate-to-please, ambitious young coder. Isaac's difficult-to-read, drunken, pumped-up mad scientist is disquieting and Vikander excels in a demure and shifting role.
fresh	Garland cleverly keeps us on our toes by constantly toying with our allegiances.
fresh	Anchored by three dazzling central performances, it's a stunning directorial debut from Alex Garland that's essential viewing for anyone with even a passing interest in where technology is taking us.
fresh	Multi-faceted and nuanced, each with so many subtleties and complexities Ex_Machina is a film bursting with ideas.
fresh	For dystopian future-shock fans who can look beyond its basic design flaws, Garland's feature debut functions just fine as superior pulp sci-fi.
fresh	A thoughtful and at times unnervingly sly film that makes the very most of the burgeoning star power of Alicia Vikander, Oscar Isaac and Domhnall Gleeson.
fresh	Garland's long-anticipated directorial debut synthesizes a dizzy range of the writer's philosophical preoccupations into a sleek, spare chamber piece ...
fresh	Adds a bit of pep to the series' overall mediocrity
rotten	Robert Schwentke's Insurgent is a massively stupid movie.
rotten	There are some thrilling scenes here and there, but mostly, Insurgent is an aggressively familiar experience.
rotten	As far as dystopian young-adult fare goes, 'Insurgent' is average.
fresh	Fresh characters include antipodal substitute mother figures for the newly orphaned Tris -- namely, a huggable agragrian played by Octavia Spencer and a skinny schemer played by Naomi Watts.
rotten	There's not a single frame "wrong" with the movie... but there also isn't anything in the whole of that's even fleetingly entertaining.
fresh	Armed with divergent skills and a freshly self-inflicted, no-fuss hairdo, Tris Prior is feeling Insurgent, and we're down with that. This franchise is one of the more entertaining examples of three popular books stretched to four movies when two would do.
rotten	The Divergent Series: Insurgent is the logical successor to The Hunger Games, in that it features a female lead in a dystopian future America. It would be helpful if The Divergent Series: Insurgent was a good film.
rotten	Miraculously, Woodley escapes from this gargantuan slog unscathed, a feat more exciting than any of the travails of Tris Prior.
fresh	I think the reason critics and audiences are divided by this movie has to do with the main character, Tris. She is a strong female character. An argument can be made that she is a much stronger female character than Katniss is in the Hunger Games series.
rotten	A more efficient indifference generator than its predecessor.
rotten	Large interior scenes seem designed, propped and photographed less like dystopian drama and more like a Broadway musical---I halfway expected someone to break into a song called "Beyond the Wall."
rotten	I appreciate the attempt to try to make this world -- an obliterated, totalitarian Chicago -- as watchable as possible. But there's too much to keep straight.
rotten	Dauntless, Divergent, Erudite, Abnegation, Factionless, Candor. May I add the audience faction, Ennui? If ever a screenplay felt bludgeoned lifeless by a thesaurus, this is it.
rotten	The real problem here lies with the underwritten supporting characters and overabundance of repetitive action sequences.
rotten	There's little substance and little depth, but Woodley, with her preternatural poise, offers a worthy simulation of drama.
fresh	After the tepid snore that was the last "Hunger Games" installment, "Insurgent" is muscular, brisk and imaginative - albeit on an emotive teenage level.
rotten	There's a tad more visual flair and a tad more violence in the second instalment of The Divergent Series, yet Insurgent still looks like an anaemic Hunger Games clone.
fresh	Schwentke cranks up the action enough to keep us distracted, with well-oiled scenes of renegades jumping freight trains, and simulated cliffhangers involving flying fiery buildings offering several edge-of-your-seat moments.
rotten	Insurgent is far too long for the minimal plot it encapsulates, features little in the way of meaningful character development, and is riddled with instances of poorly conceived, contrived developments.
rotten	For a film about standing out, this adaptation of a young adult novel fits its mold too predictably.
rotten	The two-hour effort could benefit from less moping, less violence and especially less fitful dreaming.
rotten	Tris and Four never grow as characters, while Winslet's Jeanine continues to register less as a formidable movie villain and more like that strict teacher you had in 10th grade who always assigned too much homework.
rotten	An angst-riddled, fast-paced sequel - a "Hunger Games" wannabe...
rotten	Woodley is a talented, charismatic actress who deserves a blockbuster franchise. Unfortunately, if Insurgent is any indication, the Divergent movies may not be it.
rotten	The action sequences have been ramped up and Insurgent smartly diverges from the book but it's still such a confusing and uninvolving storyline this YA adaptation made me HUNGER for something more. Thank God for Shailene Woodley though.
rotten	still suffers from the same dumbed-down science fiction storytelling and teen angst reliance that we saw in the first film
rotten	It's all a bit of an unengaging muddle, covered over with concrete grunge, clean white labs, and stagy special effects.
rotten	You won't feel like you wasted your money, but you'll probably think of something better you could have spent it on. Like a "Hunger Games" book.
rotten	Put it this way: At the end of this movie, not one significant character is frozen in carbonite.
rotten	The visuals didn't feel realistic enough to engage and overall "Insurgent" is a let down. Unless you're a hard core fan of the novels upon which it's based, I'd wait for cable.
rotten	Another nonsensical young adult film that makes me root for the evil dystopian society against the plucky heroine.
fresh	Insurgent falls short of hitting the bar set by superior YA film adaptations but is a step in the right direction for the Divergent series.
rotten	The lack of any memorable story elements or overall narrative drive might not be so pronounced if this post-apocalyptic future were even halfway interesting.
fresh	Insurgent is breathlessly paced, well-cast, and thankfully kind of entertaining in its chase film way.
fresh	With the world-building taken care of in part one, "Insurgent" can turn its attention fully to its plot and characters, succeeding more with the former than the latter.
fresh	Insurgent is better than its predecessor and really, for a mildly entertaining action film, Insurgent could have been much worse.
rotten	The dialogue is clunky, and other than Tris the characters are one-dimensional. Moreover, it's all so earnest.
rotten	The final Divergent book will be split into two movies, a future that is indeed a little dystopian. Much brighter, though, are the blossoming careers of Woodley and Teller.
rotten	As a distillation of all that's most ordinary about contemporary young adult science fiction, it could hardly be bettered.
rotten	It was always going to be hard to match the fire-power of The Hunger Games series, but the gap is now huge. If Mockingjay Part 1 resembles a playful, sharp-toothed canine, Insurgent is more like a slug.
rotten	Derivative, dystopian garbage. Teller is the only person to emerge semi-unscathed.
rotten	It's often painful to watch accomplished actors struggle through this material, knowing plainly that they are all here because of the financial opportunities this movie provided, rather than its artistic ones.
rotten	Insurgent is not a very good movie, but it's better than it needs to be.
fresh	As the character embraces her new built-for-action pixie haircut (a holdover from Woodley's role as cancer patient Hazel in "The Fault in Our Stars"), Tris comes into her own as a hero who's both dynamic and sensitive.
fresh	Dystopian sequel ups romance factor; still very violent.
rotten	Ironically teens aren't playing post apocalyptic teen angst trauma characters in this teen angst trauma post apocalyptic, pathetic, practically pointless movie.
fresh	I am not a fan of such stories, usually, but by the end of "Insurgent" I was duly impressed, and interested in the outcome awaiting us in the next film in this series.
rotten	And the thing I find most annoying? Watching these characters maneuver their eyeballs back and forth while gazing into each other's eyes.
rotten	Alas, while the special effects are decently done and the action scenes adequately handled, we don't really care. (Full Content Review -- Sex, Profanity, Violence, etc. -- for Parents also available)
rotten	With new screenwriters, new director Robert Schwentke at the helm and a few new players joining the franchise, "Insurgent" is a little better than the first installment, if no less derivative of other dystopian YA series.
rotten	The characters are no further developed by the end of Insurgent than they were at the end of Divergent.
rotten	Insurgent stubbornly fails to surge.
rotten	Woodley's a first-year Girl Scout surrounded by troop leaders, making action scenes stiff and tedious.
rotten	Suffers the usual stuck-in-the-middle problems, and lacks the plot clarity and kinetic thrust that kept the first picture from being a pure "Hunger Games" knockoff.
rotten	"The Divergent Series: Insurgent," the second of four movies, is fresh evidence that "Divergent" is "The Hunger Games" with training wheels.
rotten	It's better than the first one, but I thought the first one kinda stunk, so don't take that statement as too much of a compliment.
rotten	Most of the best stuff is saved for Insurgent's last half-hour, in which the movie goes "lysergic," as on an acid trip.
rotten	Much like the last film, the dialogue and the action suffer from a keen sense of lifelessness.
fresh	Unlike Divergent, which required pages of premise-establishing exposition, Insurgent is more purely action-centric, as the hunters hunt and the hunted flee through the trees, hopping freight trains, trying to elude capture.
fresh	Thankfully there's a lot more action in the latest instalment of the Divergent saga, which is great news because it means fewer slow spots during which you can mull over all the holes in both the story and concept of this hyped up teens-vs-adults dross.
fresh	Compelling in spite of its commonplace premise and themes. Wanting to see where Tris goes from here&#151;and how Shailene Woodley will continue to imbue her with life&#151;is more than enough incentive to keep watching.
rotten	[L]et's be clear: This is only slightly better than the last movie, with 'slightly' being the key.
fresh	At times it's just a weaponized vision of the highly cliquish tables at the high school cafeteria.
rotten	Fans of the source material may still be eager for the next chapter but for casual viewers this is a disappointingly bland sequel.
rotten	The first Divergent instalment proved a bit dull whereas this one is enlivened by some first-rate special effects.
rotten	This second installment, based on Veronica Roth's series of YA novels, feels cobbled together and less focused than 2014's Divergent, and lacks tension and excitement.
rotten	When the drama boils down to a duel between Jeanine and Tris, there's a spark. Otherwise, it's a plodding letdown.
fresh	It least Insurgent has very lively performances from Woodley as the action heroine, James as her square-jawed beau, Ansel Elgort as her detached brother Caleb and Miles Teller (from Whiplash) as the Iago-like Peter.
rotten	It's impressive how the likes of Winslet, Spencer and Watts can spout their required gobbledygook and still maintain conviction.
rotten	A modest cultural artifact if one largely devoid of aesthetic interest.
fresh	Insurgent has more action than last year's debut film, which was modestly titled just Divergent. Action is what you want in a picture such as this, especially when you don't really have a lot on your mind.
fresh	A more effective, adult-friendly film than its predecessor.
fresh	It's a sequel that sticks to more routine territory of action, angst, and dystopian gloom - mostly a sound approach, thanks to the consistent strength of franchise lead Shailene Woodley and a mix of intended and inadvertent surprises.
rotten	There's suspension of disbelief and then there's what the Divergent movies require, which is a total rejection of the most basic concepts of humanity.
rotten	Woodley tries to emote a lot with her expressive eyes, but overall the film feels cold. Schwentke struggles to decide if "Insurgent" is more action or more YA and winds up doing neither genre much justice.
rotten	Maybe you had to read the book?
fresh	Some fans may object to substantial plot alterations, but the rejiggering streamlines and intensifies the story as it powers to the same destination.
rotten	"Insurgent" opens new horizons of repetitiveness, dramatic shapelessness, self-seriousness and a generalized oppressiveness ...
rotten	less interesting than exasperating
fresh	The action sequences are well done, some of the visuals are spectacular, and at it's heart Insurgent is wrestling with some very basic questions about ambition and human interaction.
fresh	Insurgent is not a subtle movie. But that doesn't mean the dystopian parable about finding your way in the world isn't powerful.
fresh	The first film was impossible to take seriously and that is still the case for the sequel. But it's less of a chore.
fresh	Taken for what it is, Insurgent is a vast improvement over the franchise's first installment, mostly thanks to expansion in two arenas: budget and scope.
fresh	Watch out Katniss, your competition is hard as nails.
rotten	The action scenes aren't enough to distract from a script that is full of holes, illogical actions and a story that takes almost two hours to complete yet only moves things forward a few baby steps.
fresh	A dystopian drama that salutes the heroism and compassion of a gifted young woman.
rotten	[Woodley] spends much of the second [film] captured by the society's merciless overlord (Kate Winslet) and locked into a psychoactive contraption that subjects her to various traumatic hallucinations. Any movie critic can relate to that.
rotten	The performances are fine. Everyone is solid, though they're not asked to do too much.
rotten	A trio of screenwriters (Brian Duffield, Akiva Goldsman and Mark Bomback) whisks us from one event to the next without providing the necessary details to support actions.
fresh	Smart, Slick and Superior to its predecessor.
fresh	It speeds past intricate intrigues and sketchy characterizations, moving like a sleek roller-coaster ride, free from clunky exposition.
rotten	Along the way, Tris has repeated nightmares about events from the last film she'd rather forget. I know how she feels.
fresh	Luckily for "Insurgent," Shailene Woodley is on board for the duration.
rotten	Were it not for the five lines of recognizably human dialogue spoken by Miles Teller, this whole thing would implode into a black hole.
rotten	Although Woodley is adequate at emoting - Tris being something of a basket case of guilt, self-loathing and teenage hormones - many of the other characters here are, by definition, one-dimensional.
rotten	"Insurgent" would be a much worse movie if the good parts were all at the beginning. But they are saved for the end, and they leave the viewer with a feeling of, "Well, that was OK," even though most of it wasn't.
fresh	If you've seen "Divergent," this builds on it nicely.
rotten	Fans of the first will love it. All others need not apply.
rotten	No one involved in the making of Insurgent would test positive for the intelligent Erudites
rotten	Even if you're curious about it, the movie is often plodding and frequently nonsensical, with action that never feels novel or exciting.
rotten	It delves even deeper into the poorly considered mythology, building action beats and moments of tension around a conceit that puts easy allegory ahead of logic or coherence.
rotten	An improvement on its predecessor...a workmanlike job, if an uninspired one.
rotten	Insurgent does get a few things right along the way, [but] they're completely overshadowed by the general dullness of the rest of the movie.
fresh	A sharp improvement on the original, this second entry in The Divergent Series has a much stronger sense of its premise and characters...
rotten	Colonel Walter E. Kurtz's last words were: "The horror! The horror is Tris's haircut!"
rotten	"Will someone please tell me what's going on?" Tris cries at one point, and she could be speaking for the audience as the plot becomes ever more muddled.
rotten	The cast still shines, but this mid-franchise movie is mostly spinning its wheels.
rotten	It scooped up the right star and it knows it; the film treats Woodley like a get-out-of-jail-free card for all its transgressions and fits of crappiness.
fresh	Woodley herself almost singlehandedly saves these films from being just another overwrought dystopian nightmare.
fresh	Woodley does solid work here as she's done elsewhere, and continues to be someone to watch...
fresh	Puts the urgent in Insurgent.
rotten	Jumps headfirst into the mythology of the franchise, so that the only way to have fun is to become truly invested. Which would be fine if the story were intriguing enough to bother.
rotten	Insurgent has more action than Divergent, but not much more excitement. Perhaps a more mercenary blockbuster mentality could have at least shaped that action into stronger set pieces.
rotten	Insurgent is often more exciting and more eye-catching than its predecessor. Too bad its characters aren't any more interesting.
fresh	Insurgent succeeds because it doesn't bother explaining a darn thing.
rotten	Insurgent is a relentlessly exasperating sci-fi film made, miraculously, with a half-baked imagination, a slaughtered wit, and insufferable direction by Robert Schwentke, the man who supplied 2013 with one its biggest flops, R.I.P.D.
rotten	A Little Golden Book version of drastically simplified socialism accompanied with a healthy dose of warmongering bravado.
fresh	Insurgent, half-baked as its universe might be, rattles and glimmers with an undeniable allure.
rotten	"Divergent" wasn't the strongest entry into the teen dystopian genre shared by the likes of "The Hunger Games" and "The Maze Runner," and this entry only further erodes the series' position.
fresh	The actors are more or less saving this franchise's bacon.
rotten	With its repeat itinerary, Insurgent is less a sequel than a remake. The movie has an ordinary middle-chapter scenario, and less The Empire Strikes Back than Attack of the Clones.
fresh	Woodley's performance is strong enough to carry everything else here: maybe being Divergent is just another word for star power.
rotten	Of the featured cast, only Woodley really achieves any lasting impact in this episode, although the ham-fisted writing sometimes leaves her a little too exposed.
rotten	Practically everyone you're watching seems to be wishing they were somewhere else. So you might want to take the hint.
rotten	There's also not much in the way of lightness or humour in these kinds of films.
rotten	It would've been nice to tell you Insurgent was surprisingly good. Or fun to rant and rave about how lousy it is. But no. It's just there, another middle installment of another teen-targeted post-apocalyptic series.
rotten	Long and violent but lacking narrative momentum, Insurgent is an inferior sequel to the already mediocre Divergent.
fresh	While I enjoyed the first Divergent movie, I did find Insurgent to be a better cinematic romp.
rotten	Trainloads of action abound (literally), but it's essentially generic combat. Punch, point, shoot, kill, get out of the way in the nick of time depending on your billing in the closing credits.
rotten	While the ending is meant to build up anticipation for the inevitable parts three and four, it plays as mostly resolved; you don't walk out of the theater thinking, I can't wait til the next one.
rotten	The only uprising that the regressive, repetitive and recycled Insurgent could ever incite might be in its viewers, rising up out of their seats and making a beeline for the theater doors.
fresh	That's a lot of back story to wade through and at times the expository world-building weighs heavy here too. But in "Insurgent," twists and developments bulk up the story and help further define the characters.
rotten	School is out forever in the Divergent series. And honestly, after all that set up, I don't know that this world is worth saving.
fresh	"It's disappointing that the script doesn't match the spectacular special effects on display, but it's still a compelling ride."
rotten	Woodley, great in "The Spectacular Now" and "The Fault in Our Stars," is a humdrum action star. Her amiable yet laid-back style turns the film's key moments from do-or-die into OK-whatever.
fresh	Sneakily undercuts tropes of the young-adult hero's journey. But in a more adventurous movie environment, this wouldn't feel this fresh as it does.
rotten	The plot makes zero sense and Shailene Woodley's on-screen chemistry with scowling hunk Four (Theo James) is non-existent.
fresh	The second chapter of the Divergent series is moderately engaging, but it's clear the impact of the franchise is inevitably deteriorating.
rotten	The Hunger Games' braindead younger sibling aims for dystopian gravitas but only succeeds at being dull and joyless.
rotten	The finale, at least, gives one hope that this series will finally diverge from its YA "Hunger Games" formula in the next film.
rotten	Maybe that's why signing up for this sound-a-like saga was secretly a smart move [for Woodley]. When you're watching Insurgent, trying to quell the boredom, all you can think about is how much better Shailene is than the movie around her.
fresh	Once you swallow the giant pill that is the premise, it just about makes sense, and Woodley sells it with all her conviction.
rotten	Those who found Divergent one young adult dystopia too far will find little in Robert Schwentke's sequel to lessen bewilderment.
fresh	A rising young star exhibits an impressive acting range in a physically as well as emotionally-demanding role promising to do for her what The Hunger Games did for Jennifer Lawrence.
rotten	Teenage kicks are in short supply in the preposterous second instalment of Veronica Roth's derivative Young Adult series.
rotten	Kate Winslet as the villainous, power-hungry, ice-cool blonde is the best thing in this overlong sequel in which spectacular special effects dominate and whose narrative is too cluttered to involve us beyond the superficial
fresh	It's getting hard to feel empathetic for people who live in future dystopian societies. Oh, boo hoo, your peaceful government collapsed and ... you are grouped by how handy you happen to be at some particular task. You know, we all have problems.
rotten	"I know this doesn't make any sense," breathes Tris Prior during Insurgent's flamboyantly muddled finale, "but you have to trust me." You could hardly ask for a more honest line of dialogue than that.
rotten	Perks up a bit when vets like Winslet or Octavia Spencer or Naomi Watts pop up for a scene or two, but for the most part, this all plays out like yet another movie about pretty young people in futuristic sportswear punching or shooting each other.
rotten	Even with breathless chases, strong design components and dazzling effects, the story's organizing principle -- the faction system that divides society into five groups based on personality -- grows less compelling as Insurgent proceeds.
rotten	Perhaps instead of splitting the third book into two movies, they should have considered combining the first two into one.
fresh	Even if it doesn't earn the sci-fi adventure franchise many new converts, Insurgent should retain the fan base created by last year's Divergent and keep it primed for the series' two-part Allegiant finale.
rotten	Despite its earnest tone and unremittingly solemn performances, the entire movie feels like a simulation, devoid of lifelike detail or tangible dramatic stakes.
rotten	This second Divergent entry is a more propulsive and action-centric outing, but it turns star Shailene Woodley into a passive observer in her own adventure.
rotten	Middle films in movie franchises run the risk of being devoid of closure and linearity, and it's that inconclusive nature to Robert Schwentke's Insurgent that proves to be its greatest misgiving.
rotten	Running contrary to its message, the film seems content to fit in rather than stand out from its numerous predecessors on stage and screen.
fresh	The problems with the story are still present - this is most certainly not a feminist polemic - but one can't help but be caught up in Branagh's theatrical spirit.
fresh	If the young girl who sat in front of me is to speak for children everywhere, they are going to adore this film.
fresh	takes the all-too-familiar beats of the story and plumbs them for deeper levels of feeling and physicality, merging the sensual and the chaste in a way that is uniquely compelling in its experiential bliss
fresh	Cate Blanchett steals her stepdaughter Cinders's show.
fresh	Lily James shines as Cinderella. [She] plays Ella with the right balance of sweetness and sincerity. It's a genuine and charming performance; she carries the film very well.
fresh	Based on the classic fairy tale, but borrowing heavily from the 1950 film, Cinderella is enchanting, a wonderful and stylish film with a charming lead and emotional narrative.
fresh	Disney's first-class, straight-faced, irony-free, live-action remake of its own 1950 animated classic is a delightful explosion of colour, costumes, virtue and snarling...a truly beautiful film.
fresh	Above all else, the best reason I can give to see this film is Cate Blanchett. She's incredibly good as the evil stepmother.
rotten	After dehydrating the pulpy fun from a Marvel superhero and Tom Clancy spies, you can imagine how Branagh mishandles Cinderella, reverent and corny when a touch of mockery wouldn't hurt.
rotten	It's hard to see this new Cinders as anything more than a brand-based cash grab when its sole function is to succeed (and perhaps replace) a movie that's ageless.
fresh	Cinderella is nice and serviceable, with a refreshing lack of twists on its universally recognisable story.
fresh	For the adult viewer, one of the joys of the film is the presence of Cate Blanchett, gloriously gowned, evoking the great female movie stars of the past (Joan Crawford, Bette Davis) as the Wicked Stepmother.
fresh	Special effects, Cate Blanchett make a familiar tale entertaining
fresh	With enough respect to eschew the easy option of modernising it with a hip and radical make-over, it's kind enough to the characters to get round the problematic sexual politics of the story without making a big statement about them.
fresh	Hollywood filmmakers are no slouches these days when it comes to subverting or sending-up fairy-tale conventions. But Kenneth Branagh does something much more daring. He plays things straight.
fresh	There's plenty to like, and a little to love.
fresh	Branagh and company whip up a handsome slice of old-fashioned family entertainment.
fresh	Darlings, just breathless with the news: Kenneth Branagh's Cinderella is a sumptuous, candy-coloured rush of romance, with added thespian backbone from Cate Blanchett as the evil stepmother.
fresh	Chris Weitz's screenplay updates the old Charles Perrault yarn in a fresh and witty way. The performances are very lively too.
fresh	In its lack of experiment, this latest Cinderella does feel positively experimental.
fresh	This is the film of a full-blown romantic who believes in true love, happy endings and the importance of an absolutely fabulous wardrobe.
fresh	A remarkably faithful, full-hearted live action rendition of Cinderella, well cast and sumptuously staged, picking its way carefully between Walt Disney's classic musical animation of 1950 and Perrault's definitive text.
fresh	The thing that makes this Disney live-action remake so wonderful is the same thing that might put off some audience members: it's a pure fairy tale...
fresh	The story is as enchanting as ever, the handsome cast doesn't miss a beat, while the costumes and set design are wonders to behold. But the movie's sheer flawlessness turns out to be a flaw in itself.
fresh	With all (the recent) twisting and sculpting of classic stories, it's refreshing to watch ... Cinderella because it remains largely faithful.
fresh	Slightly eerie in its dead-eyed coldness, but you get used to it.
rotten	There is a lot of dying early on and also quite a lot later on, when you will feel you are dying, of boredom, of ennui and, possibly, the full weight of the patriarchy, pressing down hard on your chest.
fresh	It's good-natured and silly, with nice support from Rob Brydon, Nonso Anozie, Derek Jacobi and Katie West.
fresh	Delivers EXACTLY what it promises. Perfectly. Beautifully. Magically.
fresh	Witty, richly drawn and unashamedly old school, this is a smart adaptation that understands the enduring appeal of its source material, and doesn't feel the need to subvert or reinvent.
fresh	This is an enchantment - with the occasional touch of nostalgia - just the way it should be.
fresh	There are times, particularly when the bland Madden is on screen, that the wholesomeness gets a bit much. But kids will likely have a ball.
fresh	Sumptuously appointed and elegantly well-acted, looks and feels magical and should delight even the most skeptical cynic.
fresh	Kenneth Branagh's lavish live-action telling of the folktale made familiar to many by Disney's 1950 animated feature film is a faithful take that derives pleasure in updating expectations and absolutely never dashing them.
fresh	The result is a pleasant surprise, and just goes to show: if it ain't broke, don't fix it.
fresh	The Cinderella fable is a lot like Leonard Cohen's "Hallelujah": it's been covered.
fresh	I wanna go to Disneyland! I wanna go to Disneyland right now!
rotten	It looks terrific. It's also faithful to a fault -- and that's exactly the problem, since it makes it on the dull, unadventurous side.
rotten	The studio has managed to do the impossible, and portray a version of the classic fairy tale heroine who's even more of an insipid doormat that the one in its 1950 animated classic.
fresh	Branagh pulls off the same sort of trick he did with Thor: he creates a visually overwhelming, heavily gilded world, and then keeps the focus on the characters within it.
fresh	If the film belongs to anyone, however, it is Cate Blanchett as the wicked stepmother, looking as though she could lacerate someone with her cheekbones.
fresh	Disney's live action Cinderella benefits from Ken Branagh's kudos in being able to attract the kind of cast and achieving the kind of tone such a well known and loved fairy tale needs
fresh	There are many highlights, but none more memorable than when the clock strikes midnight ...It's a bumpy ride for the radiant Ella (Lily James) ...as the pumpkin bursts - just like her dreams
fresh	Embraces its fairy tale roots with impressive eye candy.
fresh	Much Magic at Play in this "Cinderella."
fresh	Branagh makes this familiar tale feel so fresh, even though you know exactly where it's going, staging it with the full-scale splendor of a period drama rather than a bedtime story.
fresh	No matter how cynical you might be -- hardened by the current climate of remakes, reboots and incessant sequels -- it's impossible to avoid getting caught up in the magic of a little Bippidy-boppidy-boo.
fresh	The actors in the film all give strong performances. This film is gorgeously staged with wonderful costumes, sets and production design. Scenic locations are expertly lensed by cinematographer Haris Zambarloukos.
fresh	'Cinderella' is made of Disney magic.
fresh	Nearly a century after that black-and-white cartoon short, and 65 years after a "classic" animated feature that missed the mark, Disney finally got Cinderella right -- for now and, happily, ever after.
fresh	Branagh knows how to sweep us up in the ecstatic thrall of the familiar without breaking from fantasy or making his central messages about bravery, compassion and self-confidence feel superficial.
fresh	Cinderella is a wonderfully realized family feature that retains the strengths of its source material while at the same time updating it for today's audiences.
fresh	The colors - good lord. They're like nothing you could experience in the real world. Cinderella's behemoth of a ball gown alone is 50 shades of blue.
rotten	Most fairy tales on film contain either enough wit or verve or spectacle to engage an entire audience, but there is nothing here to engage the adult viewer. Nothing.
fresh	Production values are outstanding, the actors give very watchable performances, and the glorious royal ball sequence simply takes your breath away.
fresh	Filmgoers need another fairy tale flick about as much as they need another Pirates of the Caribbean sequel (oops, too late), yet Cinderella swiftly casts aside all doubts and derision to reveal itself as a particularly enchanting piece of cinema.
fresh	... tweaks the more objectionable details of conventional fairy tales while still retaining their traditionalist structure. It's a nice compromise.
fresh	Elegant, enchanting re-imagining of the romantic folk tale for the 21st century...
fresh	I suppose I just wasn't wowed by it. Cinderella was exactly what I expected, which means it lived up to my expectations.
fresh	A lush, opulent, romantic fantasy that still believes in love at first sight. It's just that the dress has a lot -- but not everything -- to do with it.
fresh	Some of the supporting players, most resplendently Cate Blanchett as the wicked stepmother and Derek Jacobi as the ailing king, are very fine. The film never soars, though.
fresh	What it lacks in modern quirkiness compared to "The Princess Bride," "Cinderella" makes up for with a timelessness and a sincere embrace of its concept and characters.
fresh	Cinderella plays it overly-safe in transitioning from cartoon-to-live-action but is sure to entertain Disney's go-to juice box crowd.
fresh	It's a expansive, expensive faux-period romance with all of the resources and craftsmanship of the great British costume dramas ... but, you know, for kids.
fresh	'Cinderella' is a gorgeous production that is true to its fairy tale and animated roots, yet adds enough intrigue and situations to charm adults as well as youngsters.
rotten	I'm all for confection, but this movie takes that too far. Cinderella and the prince look like they belong on a wedding cake.
fresh	Kenneth Branagh and the filmmakers tried to make the story feel new again, and for the most part they succeeded. But oddly, the movie's best moments are the ones that didn't change at all.
fresh	Possibly the best adaptation of the classical fairy tale yet.
fresh	This movie is proof that sometimes the best way to play it is straight.
fresh	This "Cinderella" won't make anyone forget the 1950 classic... But it works as a frothy, fun retelling, entertaining on its own merits.
rotten	If it weren't for the imaginative and eye-catching costumes by three-time Oscar winner Sandy Powell, Cinderella could be mistaken for a typical Disney Channel special.
fresh	The story is retrograde malarkey, but Branagh infuses it with majesty and delivers a spectacle with flourish.
fresh	It might be easy to deride Disney for once again playing the Cinderella card, especially so soon after the meta-musical Into the Woods. But let's be thankful the people commissioned to retell the fairy tale didn't treat it as a moldy relic.
fresh	The new film... is nothing if not a tribute to old-fashioned virtues, of care and craft and modesty, of simple stories well told.
fresh	Beautifully directed by Kenneth Branagh, every fame sparkles with an opulent vibrancy that perfectly captures the faerie tale element.
fresh	It's almost too easy to make a parody of Cinderella. What's tough is to do is create a film this earnest and this lovely -- everything from the performances to the set design to the costumes -- that will play to the cynics of 2015.
fresh	Helena Bonham Carter is great dotty fun as Fairy Godmother.
rotten	Even with its attractive leads, Lily James and Richard Madden, grand fairy-tale settings and, when it counts, affecting moments, this live-action "Cinderella" is only modestly engaging.
rotten	A lavish, classy affair...But while long on beauty, Branagh's film falls short on whimsy...[and] the film's most affecting emotional moments...stand apart from the story's central conflict.
fresh	"Cinderella" feels real enough to be sincerely touching at the same time it's visually inventive enough to be magical. We've all seen this story, true; but we haven't seen it told this effectively.
fresh	Turn back the clock on filmmaking and get ready to be charmed by "Cinderella." Director Kenneth Branagh has outdone himself with this outstanding live-action version of the 1950 Disney animated classic.
fresh	Not just any "Cinderella", but genius visionary Kenneth Branagh's majestic, gorgeous, sweeping version of this beautiful tale of a kind, courageous girl.
fresh	It's a flawless production, filled with solid acting, fabulous costumes, music that captures the grandeur of the story, and a perfectly matched royal couple.
fresh	Every second I was amazed at the beautiful scenery, costume designs and the magic that was captured.
fresh	While the heroine's disinclination to stand up for herself doesn't relay the most feminist agenda, the maternal advice she lives by, to 'have courage and be kind,' is a message no one could fault. Director Kenneth Branagh once again surprises...
fresh	Directed by Kenneth Branagh with a sprinkling of stardust, dashes of good humor, and a respect for the corniest kinds of romance, Cinderella is a winning re-do of Disney's 1950 animated classic.
fresh	The 1950 Disney flick is 74-minutes. This one is 112. Does it need the extra 38-minutes? No. But it's a great story and a beautiful movie so the padding is forgivable.
fresh	This Cinderella isn't flashy and doesn't forge a new path, but it does have adorable mice to cheer for and a villain to hiss.
fresh	For a movie that has no reason to exist beyond maximizing Disney's back catalogue, Kenneth Branagh's live action Cinderella is an entirely enjoyable piece of fairy tale theater.
rotten	The audience already primed for more "happily ever after" will be more than satisfied with the results. Everyone else will wonder what the studio was/is thinking with this strategy.
fresh	They didn't turn Cinderella into an action heroine or reboot the story for our cynical age. And thank heavens for that...
fresh	It's old-fashioned in the right ways, just like Lily James is Cinderella in all of the right ways.
fresh	It is really lovely.
fresh	In being faithful to the traditional tale interpreted by Disney in their animated 1950 classic, this Cinderella is crisp escapist enjoyment.
rotten	For all its gossamer, gauze, filigree and refinement, "Cinderella" drags when it should skip as lightly as its title character when she's late getting home from the ball.
rotten	The movie grinds down ... in plot details that fatten the narrative while deflating the spirit.
fresh	Disney's new live-action "Cinderella" is not a reboot. It's a case of sliding a glass slipper on a movie to make sure it's the classic that studio executives are looking for.
fresh	Young children are guaranteed to love this, even though it's rated PG for no reason (fine, "mild thematic elements").
rotten	"Cinderella" is so scrubbed of personality, it's not even worth calling a mess.
fresh	Disney's Cinderella has been magically transformed into as sumptuous a live-action re-imagining of its 1950 animated classic as any princess could dream of.
rotten	Mr. Branagh's ascension into big-budget studio directing largely remains a mystery, and there's little in "Cinderella" beyond its faces and gowns that captures the eye or the imagination.
rotten	This "Cinderella" is all dressed up with nowhere very interesting to go.
fresh	[Branagh] manages to de-toxify Disney's flagship fairy tale without overcorrecting away its prettiness, sincerity, or charm.
fresh	They aim for the heart, not the head. Darned if they don't pull it off.
fresh	This fairy tale adaptation is as close as you can get to a dream come true.
fresh	As pure of heart as its heroine, "Cinderella" floats across the screen like a gossamer confection, full of elegant beauty and quiet grace.
fresh	Cinderella doesn't tear down and rebuild the classic giving us something fresh, innovative, and unrecognizable. Kenneth Branagh does a tremendous job of adapting a well-trod narrative, however.
fresh	Gorgeous, elegant and wondrous, the new live-action Cinderella is a jewel in Disney's treasure trove.
fresh	Disney's live-action retelling of its cornerstone princess tale is an often sparkling movie that never disrespects the kid audience even as it wins over the parents.
fresh	The film feels neither dated nor updated. Rather, it treads, with a light and careful step, the difficult middle path of timelessness.
fresh	Director Kenneth Branagh's lavish and live-action version of Disney's 1950 animation Cinderella delivers a colourful take that blends old-fashioned Mouse House heart with modern CG magic.
rotten	Even with Blanchett playing her, the stepmother remains the same uncomplicated villain she was in the 1950 Disney animated film. This is even more disappointing than the Cinderella character lacking gumption, since she's always been bland.
fresh	Disney's new live-action version is for the most part beguilingly good, even though it's no replacement for the studio's 1950 animated classic.
fresh	This is a sweet movie, a happy movie. There's no other way to put it, really. And if that sounds like it may register too low on the hipster meter to merit your consideration, well, your loss.
fresh	It's pleasing to come away from a movie such as "Cinderella" having felt something for, and with, the archetypes on the screen.
fresh	"Cinderella" has been made with enough skill and sincerity to disarm all but the most jaded viewers. It's a happy ending for everyone -- Disney's accountants most of all.
fresh	The world didn't need yet another "Cinderella" story, but the one we got is one of the best versions ever put on film.
fresh	The fizzy cocktail combination of Blanchett's cartoonish hauteur and Branagh's visual razzle-dazzle and confectionary sets manages to take a tale as wheezy as Cinderella and make it feel almost magical again.
rotten	A visually attractive but curiously flat retelling of the old chestnut.
fresh	True to the spirit of the classic story but fresh and filled with heart and magic.
fresh	Its goal is simply to tell this story without much embellishment or distraction but, more importantly, to tell it with plenty of care and admiration.
fresh	...there is no harm in getting yourself momentarily overjoyed and swept away by all the magic.
rotten	If you're looking for a tried-and-true telling filled with elaborate settings and beautiful ball gowns, this glass slipper is the right fit. However, if you're looking for a fresh, modern take on your average fairy tale, don't bother trying on this one.
fresh	All concerned here really believed in this project and put a lot of love in it. (Full Content Review for Parents also available)
fresh	Tackling the fairytale in such a direct manner could have been Branagh's undoing. Instead, he presents the tale with such joy and passion that it becomes a nostalgic journey to a time of childhood dreams.
fresh	There's precious little to carp about in the new release, unless you choose to take exception to the fact that there's precious little to carp about.
fresh	If you can get past the giant pumpkin in the ballroom - really, why bother to remake Cinderella in 2015 if you have no new spin on the material? - there's a lot to like about director Kenneth Branagh's gorgeously fanciful tale.
fresh	The visual design is exquisite, coming remarkably close to replicating the original movie's Technicolor splendor.
fresh	A magical, emotionally affecting screen version of this classic fairy tale.
fresh	The film dares you not to like it with its sumptuous craftsmanship, fine actors and heart-felt sentiments.
fresh	It's all so very enchanting, just as a fairy tale should be.
fresh	While the music of the animated original is missed, almost everything about Cinderella is well done.
fresh	It sticks to the tried-and-true -- so much so that surprises are few -- but under the watchful eye of the quality team assembled, this "Cinderella" does the story justice.
fresh	Cinderella and her Prince get a bit lost in all the flounces and flouncing, but they don't seem to mind -- you, and legions of tiara-clad little girls, quite possibly won't either.
fresh	Little girls-of all ages-will have a great time...
fresh	The story of the abused but honest poor girl who wins the heart of a prince couldn't have landed in better hands.
fresh	Cinderella practices what it preaches by having courage, being kind, and exceeding all expectations.
rotten	Disney's live-action version of the familiar fairytale boasts a glittery cast, but the overwhelming production design eats its own scenery.
fresh	Branagh and company are probably making this version not just for us jaded adults but for a generation of children who perhaps never had a chance to see "Cinderella" on a big screen. For them, it will be a brand new adventure.
fresh	Cate Blanchett is perfectly marvelous. Nothing steals a scene from her, except Sandy Powell's costumes and Dante Ferretti's production design, which are all kinds of wonderful.
fresh	A charming and wonderfully-enchanting film. Director Kenneth Branagh proves that he's more than up to the task of bringing this delightful story to the big screen in a new and unique way.
fresh	Branagh has cracked the Disney do-over code with "Cinderella," hopefully gluing the creative dials in place for all future productions.
rotten	Gone are the active, spunky heroines of recent Disney efforts, and in their place is a bland, pre-modern one.
rotten	Really, really made me mad. Like, seething. Like, I want this entire review to be: WHAT IS THE POINT WHAT IS THE POINT WHAT IS THE POINT WHAT IS THE POINT WHAT IS THE POINT?!
rotten	It's easy to get swept up in the prettiness of it all, and hard to give a damn whether it might end one minute or the next.
rotten	It's a lavish, handsomely staged production, but it's also dramatically inert, a pretty diorama led by a pair of good-looking but forgettable TV actors.
fresh	Sweeping, intimate and whimsical, "Cinderella" does the Disney brand proud with a faithful yet expansive retelling that never misplaces its heart in exchange for shallow extravagance. This is one happily ever after worth believing.
fresh	Steeped in a dazzling array of confectionary colors and sparkling magical whimsy that compares beautifully to the 1950 animated classic, Cinderella makes a strong case to be first in our thoughts.
fresh	Kenneth Branagh's "Cinderella" does something extraordinarily rare among fairy-tale adaptations: It leaves out nothing we want and adds nothing we don't.
fresh	A gorgeous re-imagining, bringing to life the specific beauty and charm of the fairy tale. But it's also rather hollow, doing little to add its own spin.
fresh	"Cinderella" isn't just a re-enactment of the original film but an enrichment. For Disney fans, it could be another treasure worth cherishing.
fresh	Without resorting to post-Wicked good-girl/bad-girl reversals in the manner of Maleficent and (dare I say it?) Frozen, Branagh and Weitz see the fairy tale afresh.
fresh	Such a gallant anachronism...that it offers, without ever raising its voice, a ringing cross-examination of our whole era of dark, gritty fairy-tale revisionism.
fresh	Cinderella is a balmy but beautiful take on both the 1950 cartoon and the original Charles Perrault fairy tale.
fresh	Branagh has modernized the spirit of Cinderella, while staying true to its roots with a lovely French countryside meets mini-Versailles setting, lush romantic lighting and costumes, and most important, a goodhearted core.
fresh	There are handsome palaces and forests and computer animated renderings of squeaking mice and geese turning into Cinderella's party entourage. But the real reason to see it is the humans.
fresh	Such a beautiful film, Walt Disney himself would be proud of his namesake company for making it.
rotten	This new Cinderella tells more or less the same tale with little variation in terms of story (fair enough), tone (problematic), or characterization (very problematic).
fresh	I could choke on it all, like a 24-hour binge of buttercream cake frosting. But let's be honest. There is no denying the fact that this is the best Cinderella of them all.
fresh	After all the other films that seem to be aimed at them and really aren't, little children and the people who love them could really use a slice of simply delicious cake like this.
fresh	Yes, it's enchanting, but this beautiful version is also something very much more.
fresh	With beautiful visuals and a sense of fun, director Kenneth Branagh has crafted a fetching, playful delight.
rotten	The filmmakers cut the film to emphasize the story's familiar plot points, rather than highlight any instances of personal visual artistry.
fresh	Young girls and adult Disney fans should really enjoy Cinderella, but if simply watching the original cartoon doesn't sound appealing to you, then this live-action version won't be of interest to you either.
fresh	This telling of Cinderella adheres strictly to that book. And yet it's a lavish delight sure to enchant audiences of all ages well past midnight.
fresh	Here's how magic happens: you take the familiar and transform it into something extraordinary.
fresh	By believing in the story's timeless beauty, and infusing it with enough visual splendor and empowering ideology to delight modern audiences, Kenneth Branagh has made a Cinderella so unexpectedly magical as to rival Disney's original.
fresh	This is a straight, no-chaser fairy story, a picture to be downed with pleasure. It worries little about sending the wrong message and instead trusts us to decode its politics, sexual and otherwise, on our own.
fresh	Enchanting and beautifully filmed. Disney's live action translation of their 1950 animated classic is the perfect family movie. A great cast includes the stunning Lily James and a complex evil Stepmother from the great Cate Blanchett.
fresh	Those without a sweet tooth might be turned off by this saccharine-ish movie, but I was won over, seduced by its warmth and easy good looks, its quaint, modest proportions.
rotten	A lovely, lifeless and mirthless corpse
fresh	Branagh, working with a high-wattage cast led by the winsome and genuine Lily James, sticks to tried-and-true narrative formula, and infuses it with wit and style. If the glass slipper ain't broke, he seems to be saying, why fix it?
fresh	What crowns the movie, flourishing the fullness of its purpose, is color.
rotten	A product of the Disney princess machine. Its highest ambition is to move a new line of toys. Or to evoke despair in the fairy-tale-ization of girls' lives.
fresh	[VIDEO ESSAY] Branagh's well-steeped history of producing, directing, and acting in film versions of Shakespeare's plays echoes in the context of a much beloved, (formerly animated) children's classic.
fresh	A retrograde fantasy with the depth of a dressing-up box, but it's spirited, genuinely funny and played to the hilt by an excellent cast.
fresh	Sitting in theater its hard not to get swept up in Branagh's old-fashioned cinematic magic.
fresh	Most recent Disney movies look suspiciously at traditional fables and their values. This Cinderella wants viewers to believe in them with every fiber of their being.
rotten	Making such a traditional Cinderella film really illustrates what a weak story Cinderella is to begin with.
fresh	Faithful to the story and tone of the original, but goosed with just enough character development that it doesn't feel socially backward. If anything, it's really quite magical.
fresh	Cinderella enthralls with its ravishing style and timeless message of resilience, decency and kindness triumphing over evil.
fresh	Very little is out of place in Branagh's do-over, but that's almost a problem: there's a feeling, throughout, of going perfectly through the motions.
fresh	This glass slipper may look a bit cold and univiting because it's so familiar, but it is also -- as the Fairy Godmother points out -- surprisingly comfortable once you try it.
fresh	Uplifting and full of that hard-to-capture sparkling sense of wonder, this is an enthralling addition to the trustworthy Disney brand of memorable, magical fairy tales.
fresh	It's all very sweet and harmless, though you can't help wishing that Cinders got her happy ending for more than being kind to her digital mice and weathering a lot of crap with a never-ending smile on her face.
fresh	Walt Disney's Cinderella is the best film yet in their "turn our animated classics into live-action blockbusters" sub-genre.
fresh	While it might have been nice to see the new-model Cinderella follow Frozen's progressive, quasi-feminist lead, the film's naff, preserved-in-amber romanticism is its very charm.
fresh	"Cinderella" does not try to be transgressive, or even progressive, and unashamedly sells itself as the old-fashioned wish-fulfillment little-girl fantasy that 'Fifty Shades' tries to whip its way out of.
fresh	Such is the affable tone and vivacious, good-natured spirit of this charming piece of cinema, that you are able to look past any flaws, and enjoy this for what it is.
fresh	Anyone nostalgic for childhood dreams of transformation will find something to enjoy in an uplifting movie that invests warm sentiment in universal themes of loss and resilience, experience and maturity.
fresh	Though this lavish, live-action 'Cinderella' could never replace Disney's animated classic, it's no ugly stepsister, either.
fresh	Provides a little geopolitical context for the story's fantasy kingdom, without forfeiting the magic - both supernatural and romantic - that has made Cinderella such an enduringly necessary tale for generation after generation.
rotten	Any reasonable chance to become poignant or profound is squandered by an approach that tries so hard to yank at the heartstrings that it unintentionally feels more cynical than uplifting.
rotten	For all its unsubtle sentimentality, it remains unclear whether Little Boy intends to celebrate the conviction of belief or to mock it.
fresh	A small film that stands tall in the field of family entertainment.
rotten	Filmmakers have been manipulating moviegoers' emotions since the beginning of this art form. However, rarely has one film been so patently blatant in those efforts than "Little Boy".
fresh	"Little Boy" is shamelessly sentimental, highly manipulative and wears out its welcome. Yet despite all that, I still enjoyed the film, for the most part, thanks to an endearing performance by its young star, Jakob Salvati.
rotten	... home-front family drama of hope, friendship, and faith, shot through the sepia-tinged light and faded hues of nostalgia...
fresh	Funny, inspiring, great family film
rotten	There are too many messages here, and too many of them mixed or conflicting.
rotten	The result is savvy, but shallow: Monteverde may end up selling more tickets, but he won't change any souls.
rotten	Despite boasting several important moral lessons, the period piece is more artificial than a polyester teddy bear stuffed with Splenda and Cheez Whiz - and about as appealing
fresh	Young boy's faith pulls heartstrings in sentimental drama.
fresh	One of those films that oozes with all-too-obvious manipulation, but nonetheless manages to be entertaining enough to just barely overlook or at least not mind the trickery. (Full Content Review -- Violence, etc. -- for Parents also available)
rotten	Built on good intentions and flimsy ideologies, this film collapses, undoing any good it has done by moving from moral to moral with the same attention span of a child.
rotten	It's meant to be a tale of uplift for faith-based audiences, but instead wears viewers down with a heavy-handed narrative, an overbearing score and voiceover that spells out everything in cringe-inducing, folksy tones.
rotten	The movie starts down an honest path near the conclusion, but Monteverde and Portillo can't follow through on it.
rotten	Tolerance, World War II history and faith are served up with a sticky sentimental gloss in the family film "Little Boy."
rotten	A movie that has the haranguing inspirational tone of a marathon Sunday-school lesson.
rotten	I just wish the filmmakers didn't feel like they had to hit us over the head with all the moral pontificating to get their point across.
rotten	hard to hate... but easy to dismiss as well.
rotten	"Little Boy" is a as phony as a game of three-card monte.
rotten	"Little Boy" answers a question most tear-jerkers wouldn't have the nerve to ask: Can the bombing of Hiroshima be manipulated narratively, if briefly, into a position of warming our hearts? The answer is no.
rotten	This is an ersatz version of the '40s based on other movies' ersatz versions, a Candyland-colored world seen from a child's point of view if that child was a 30-ish filmmaker.
rotten	Terribly earnest and earnestly terrible...bungles its good intentions in a welter of mixed signals and mangled messages.
rotten	Little Boy is guilty of trying too hard. Had it just focused on a youngster's heartbreaking efforts to get his father home from the war, it would have been a touching tale.Sadly, that story gets bogged down by overly sentimental plot lines.
rotten	The lessons are so pat that every moment in which Pepper makes a good moral choice feels like an act of self-congratulation.
fresh	One of the most insightful films about religion since the 1977 comedy "Oh, God!," which also wrangled with personal beliefs and unprovable truths.
rotten	It will likely appeal to the faithful, but that's as far as it goes.
rotten	Emily Watson plays the boy's mother and Tom Wilkinson turns up as a gentle parish priest, so this must have looked better on paper than it does onscreen.
rotten	The film has a good cast, and is competently made in a plain-vanilla way, but its greatest appeal will be to those who share its endorsement of traditional religious values.
rotten	A confused mess of Christian morality parading as entertainment, and one that no benevolent God would wish upon the world.
rotten	It takes no genius to guess where this story is going, but whatever dramatic validity the movie had is lost in the have-your-cake-and-eat-it finale. It's a jaw-dropper.
rotten	"Believe the impossible," the tagline commands. It's a promise this shameless film has no intention of breaking.
rotten	Honestly, it's difficult to fathom how a filmmaker can, on one hand, so capably handle his film's faith elements but so mishandle others.
rotten	Instead of being rated PG-13, this one should be slapped with the label PG-65, because it's hard to imagine anyone younger than that getting caught up in this earnest, obvious fable.
rotten	Somewhere amid the storytelling rubble in "Little Boy" there's a decent message against racial prejudice. But it's suffocated beneath a hokey premise and hopelessly square execution.
rotten	A good cast and an overload of sincere teachable moments can't quite redeem this misshapen faith-based period piece.
fresh	This movie could make you pre-diabetic. That's an observation, not a criticism.
rotten	[A] cynical, poisonous, deeply stupid film ...
rotten	The problem here isn't theological; even if it were in service of a different message entirely, the sheer gracelessness of Monteverde's storytelling would be a massive turnoff.
rotten	It conveys life experience to such a sentimentalized degree that the world comes to resemble only the sham of a Norman Rockwell painting.
rotten	The entire picture, though well-meaning and even thoughtful, is finally just a little too gooey.
rotten	A drearily sincere movie about faith and tolerance, Little Boy boasts plenty of good intentions but very little else.
fresh	Sharply directed by Simon Curtis, the film is an intriguing mystery as, little by little, more and more information comes across the viewer's desk
rotten	Art-history aficionados might appreciate the debate over the legal and sentimental value of iconic paintings, but modern-day contrivances compromise much of the historical significance.
fresh	Helen Mirren delivers a strong performance in this predictable but well-crafted historical drama.
rotten	In their eagerness to make this into a feel-good story, Curtis and Campbell have turned their characters from multifaceted human beings into symbols who utter soundbites.
fresh	There is suspense, drama and emotion in this story. Reynolds and Mirren give great performances with good supporting performances by Daniel Bruhl, Katie Holmes and Allan Corduner.
fresh	Crusty octogenarian and exasperated man team up to wring justice from 50-yr-old wrongs. . .with charged interplay. . .to make legacy of Nazis' plunder of art a personal cause
fresh	We might not give this film much thought long after we have seen it... we will surely remember the beauty with which the past comes alive right before Maria's eyes.
rotten	It won't do the film any harm at the box office that Helen Mirren twinkles indomitably. She's as good as ever, but really - of all the things you want to see Dame Helen doing indomitably, twinkling isn't among them.
rotten	It makes a dull movie out of a fascinating piece of history.
fresh	Corny, commercial, predictably platitudinous, and tear-jerkingly weepy...also an inevitably thought-provoking dramatization of facing the 'ghosts' of the past on an individual level and a national one.
rotten	Your movie's flashback sub-plot shouldn't draw attention to how dull your actual central plot is.
rotten	Clearly, the most significant 'Woman in Gold' here is not the portrait nor Adele Bloch-Bauer herself (portrayed in flashback by Antje Traue) but our lead actress, the indomitable Oscar-winner, Helen Mirren,
fresh	The film is forgivably simplistic and sentimental but also stirring when it reminds us once again of the countless injustices from the Nazi era that can never be made right or forgotten.
fresh	A deeply moving and very satisfying piece of entertainment that knits up seemingly disparate elements in a tapestry of family pain and pride.
fresh	Helen Mirren is, of course, a wonderful actress, and she brings dignity to the marvellously Euro-chic Maria, but even she can't soar above the script which veers from speechifying to banalities.
rotten	Take a complex legal issue like the provenance of an art object, then throw in Helen Mirren and the Nazis as the hero and villains, and you have the dull and simplified tale of Woman in Gold.
fresh	Sometimes you know a movie is going to work in about the first three scenes. This one really works.
fresh	Mirren's performance gains in depth and pathos as the film progresses.
fresh	There is much to recommend in Woman in Gold.
fresh	It's an intriguing David vs Goliath battle and Mirren positively glows with indignation.
fresh	This follows the fascinating story of Maria Altmann, a Jewish refugee who fled from Austria to escape the Nazi occupation of Vienna.
rotten	There's a terrible and relentless TV-movie ropiness about this film, combined with a dairy whiff of cheesiness.
fresh	Despite a debatable focus and dubious moralizing -money plays a pivotal role in the final outcome - "The Woman in Gold" works, largely because of the odd-couple chemistry between Mirren and Reynolds.
fresh	This fascinating true story is strong enough to hold up against the formulaic Hollywood treatment, boosted by another riveting performance from Helen Mirren...
rotten	In pursuit of prestige, it loses the qualities that make the story worth telling.
fresh	Curtis has so carefully crafted the film, and Mirren and Reynolds have such terrific chemistry, that it mostly works -- and it works pretty well at that.
fresh	Helen Mirren has become like Meryl Streep: nearly every time she has a leading role a little alarm goes off that signals Oscar gold.
rotten	Curtis' film stumbles in its digressions, lacking clear direction, along with the emotional impact it so desperately needs.
fresh	A conventional but powerful story.
fresh	Shrewdly compelling - with the incomprable Helen Mirren as the refined yet tartly obdurate propelling force.
fresh	The Helen Mirrens of the film world can often elevate whatsoever vehicle.
fresh	Helen Mirren and Ryan Reynolds make a great pair in this fascinating and true tale that makes for a highly entertaining and compelling tale.
rotten	Mirren is wonderful as always as the frank, spirited, adorable Maria, a shimmering bright spot as dazzling as the film's titular painting.
rotten	Director Simon Curtis is lucky to have Helen Mirren on hand, since she can turn the film's art history speeches into something that sounds like conversation. But the screenplay doesn't do either of them any favors.
rotten	Woman in Gold plays out like a filmic series of check-lists for legal and historical drama. It'll fit nicely into an AP Art History curriculum on a rainy day - only 20 flashbacks to go once you start.
fresh	Mirren is her usual stellar self, but the pleasant surprise here is Ryan Reynolds.
fresh	Helen Mirren is best part of fact-based historical drama.
fresh	This one only comes off as adequate and doesn't hit the emotional moments as hard as it should have. (Full Content Review -- Sex, Profanity, Violence, etc. -- for Parents also available)
rotten	Director Simon Curtis milks the predictable drama, thrills and heartache of the Holocaust-era story, but it's a paint-by-numbers triumph, a copy of something we've seen many times before.
rotten	"Woman in Gold" may be a bit obvious, but it's still a story worth telling.
rotten	Next to Mirren, [Reynolds is] like a dope in a museum, trying to be respectful of the genius around him but unable to sit still.
fresh	For all its broad brush strokes, Woman in Gold can't help but tell a moving populist parable about the will to power of an ordinary woman ... taking on powerful institutions to regain a tiny fraction of her family's appalling losses.
fresh	A wholly captivating Mirren makes Woman in Gold a positive film-going experience...
fresh	Mirren, sporting an accent that's about as close to Viennese as an English Dame can likely get, imbues Maria with pluck, high dignity and a vulnerability that's kept hidden beneath exterior reserve.
rotten	A movie that tells a real-life story yet rings utterly false.
rotten	Even boasting the pooled charisma of stars Helen Mirren and Ryan Reynolds, Woman in Gold turns out to be a sputtering, clunky machine.
rotten	The Nazis' illegal seizure of hundreds of thousands of artworks -- the subject of the fine 2006 documentary The Rape of Europa -- becomes the pretext for heavy-handed sentimentality in this British-American docudrama.
fresh	Mirren is the single reason to watch the movie.
rotten	Based on a true story about a fight for justice wrapped in passion, memory and determination, and told using the considerable talents of Helen Mirren, Woman in Gold should be a much better movie.
rotten	Even Helen Mirren, the Queen Midas of class acting, can't fix this well-intentioned miss.
rotten	While the story is truly one of a kind, the film often feels like a TV movie of the week, even one of those treacly Hallmark productions.
rotten	"Woman in Gold" is dutiful and surprisingly dull, rolling along pre-ordained tracks and the familiar cadences of screenwriter Alexi Kaye Campbell's dialogue and situations.
rotten	The film does have an asset that can't be ignored, and that's Helen Mirren's tip-top performance as the film's costar. It's not enough to save the picture, but it certainly makes a difference.
fresh	Stirring at times, soggy and overly sentimental at others, the film moves surprisingly slow, even though its action, which takes place over many years of legal maneuvering, has been condensed for narrative expediency.
rotten	The relationship between Altmann and Schoenberg, sometimes testy but always loving, plays out like two actors acting, rather than two actors inhabiting a real situation.
rotten	Woman In Gold bends a complicated legal quagmire-heavy on questions of ownership and national responsibility-into a crowd-pleasing David and Goliath story. The title, too generic for Klimt's masterpiece, suits the movie just fine.
rotten	Great story, cliche-clogged script.
fresh	Like most dramas, it seeks to connect with its audience and, providing they are open to the story it's telling, it works both as a reminder of past wrongs and an assurance that justice sometimes triumphs.
fresh	Despite surges in exaggeration, "Woman in Gold" captures the spirit of Altmann's quest with efficiency, making for a satisfactory drama with deeply felt performances.
rotten	Sweet and dull. Makes you wonder what was left out.
fresh	It's a touching film that entertains with warmth and humor while teaching us something about history, law and justice with enormous heart, subtlety and compassion, brilliantly acted and skillfully written. Is there anything Helen Mirren cannot do?
fresh	A great movie? Probably not - but a compelling and involving one, dealing with an important moment in recent history? Woman in Gold is absolutely that.
fresh	The engaging but perfunctory Woman in Gold isn't exactly an exercise in subtlety, but this eager-to-please film proves that the formidable Helen Mirren can provide interesting nuances even in a story where few exist.
fresh	a brilliant movie...with many flashbacks to 1938 Vienna...that includes enticing cinematography of the Austrian locations...and fine acting. Just watching Helen Mirren is, as always, worth the price of admission.
rotten	There's a human-interest story at the bottom of this bombast, but it's hard to see the actual people through the weight of history, horror, and hagiography being piled atop them.
rotten	It's all a little tired and condescending - like some screenwriter's self-serving memories of his last trip to see Mom - and having Mirren occasionally exclaim what fun or thrills they're having doesn't make it so.
rotten	The star power of Helen Mirren and Ryan Reynolds is critically muted in this flatly directed true story.
rotten	Yes, it's based on a true story, a story that is compelling in its own right. But that doesn't mean the filmmakers get a free pass in presenting it to us.
rotten	Rich details but thin characters make for a disappointingly flat drama.
fresh	The film lets us see the tensions and sadness that are inevitable in a story like this, but also offers some wry humor.
fresh	Not only is the truth unforgettable, heartbreaking and triumphant, but Mirren, Reynolds and Bruhl make it all the more special.
fresh	A powerful drama that packs an eloquent and emotional punch, yet has enough of a sense of humor to occasionally lighten the mood.
fresh	Understands the challenge and importance of remembering the painful past, especially in light of those who believe that today's lingering prejudices are perfectly acceptable.
fresh	And now this movie is a part of its story, putting Adele back into the picture and giving us a portrait of the niece who insisted that her story be told.
fresh	The film is saved by engaging performances from Mirren and Reynolds, who shine as their characters' relationship deepens.
fresh	After seeing the film's touching final title cards briefly describing the fates of the characters, I couldn't help wishing for a documentary version.
fresh	Woman in Gold has a great story to tell, and the filmmakers have opted for the safest, slickest way to tell it.
fresh	What we get here is a film that understands that context matters.
fresh	Simon Curtis' "Woman in Gold" is a shamelessly sentimental fictionalization of this true story, but it's a fascinating story nonetheless, beautifully photographed and greatly elevated by a brilliant performance from the invaluable Helen Mirren.
rotten	A legal fight over the struggle for ownership of an artwork is hardly the stuff of high drama. And the screenplay can't find a way to make that conflict, or the ethical and moral issues involved, compelling ...
rotten	The film evades all but the most careful commonplaces about the relationship between the viewer and the work of art at its center.
rotten	Offers nothing that a documentary or even a long magazine article about Altmann and Schoenberg's triumph couldn't have captured better. For a film about a timeless painting, it's surprisingly artless.
fresh	Tatiana Maslay breathes new energy into the movie whenever she appears
rotten	The behind-the-camera contributions--along with Mirren's presence--mark this as a prestige production, but the unsubtle, prosaic treatment--along with the bland Reynolds--vitiates the effort.
fresh	A rousing drama about a Jewish refugee who is looking for closure on her terrible past and a young lawyer who matures spiritually.
fresh	What Woman in Gold has over nonfiction portrayals is emotion, and director Simon Curtis milks every scene for its heart-tugging potential.
rotten	Under Harvey Weinstein's sponsorship, this remarkable story has become a paint-by-numbers variation on the producer's far better "Philomena."
rotten	When not returning to the Nazi regime's war crimes, the story becomes a rather legalistic quest for justice. Campbell's cumbersome dialogue often sounds copied from legal documents.
rotten	It's potent material that becomes the stuff of a workmanlike true-life drama, spoon-feeding its audience a steady diet of speeches and schmaltz.
fresh	Gloriously shot, finely acted.
rotten	The real life heroes of this gutsy story deserve far better than the dumbed down and white washed treatment they get here.
fresh	Even with a starry cast, the stirring true story is this drama's standout feature.
rotten	The extraordinary story of a Gustav Klimt painting, reduced to a distinctly ordinary film.
rotten	Woman in Gold reaches for glossy, based-on-a-true-story cinematic heights with the depth of one of its made-for-television counterparts.
fresh	It's a heartwarming story of belated justice, soppy enough in its pre-war flashbacks, but strong in its morality and sympathy: no ambiguities here.
fresh	A thoughtful and at times stirring true-life account of a Holocaust refugee's quest to recover five Gustav Klimt paintings stolen by the Nazis
fresh	Much better than the buzz out of Berlin would suggest. Helen Mirren is excellent.
rotten	High art meets lowest common denominator appeal in Woman in Gold, a tribute to one woman's struggle that has the daring and originality of a fridge magnet.
fresh	Mirren is as excellent as always in the lead, but the actress is let down by the filmmaker's inclination to be so cliched on occasion, undermining this narrative with frustrating conventionality.
rotten	A film that hides its actual badness under a tarpaulin of mediocrity so thick and heavy it's difficult to even lift a corner to peek beneath, for a while I wasn't quite sure why I hated "Woman in Gold" so very, very much.
rotten	While Helen Mirren elevates the material with her usual aplomb and the events being depicted inevitably are stirring, this is a stodgy crusade-for-justice drama, directed and written with minimal flair.
rotten	This heavy-handed retelling of the fight to reclaim a Gustav Klimt painting stolen by Nazis is no masterpiece.
rotten	Woman in Gold ... has, in the shape of Helen Mirren and Ryan Reynolds, one of those on-screen partnerships that the world wasn't waiting for.
fresh	"The Water Diviner" is a first rate classic that's sure to be remembered come Oscar time.
fresh	Its journey of healing and self-discovery can be felt a century and a continent away.
rotten	I think Crowe wanted to make a film that brought to mind David Lean and John Huston. But, as we all know, they don't make them like they used to. If he accomplishes anything with this movie, it's to remind us that's mainly because they can't.
fresh	A brawny historical melodrama with a twinge of magic realism amongst the oft-conflicting tones, what the movie lacks in discipline and polish it makes up for in sheer sincerity.
fresh	Russell Crowe makes his directing debut with this poignant, somber historical drama.
rotten	"The Water Diviner" is an uneven effort by first-time director Russell Crowe, and the occasionally preposterous screenplay by Andrew Knight and Andrew Anastasios doesn't exactly help Crowe as director, either.
fresh	A notably ambitious endeavor that thrives when it's focused on the main character and his family but falters when it focuses on an unnecessary romantic subplot.
fresh	Indeed, this is the 51-year-old Crowe's first time as a movie director, but he's hardly a novice actor stepping behind the camera for some sort of vanity project.
fresh	The Water Diviner qualifies as a valiant, even worthwhile, effort, even if in the long run it's nothing to, err, crow about.
rotten	Russell Crowe's towering performance makes up for his directorial shortcomings.
rotten	Crowe, who's been having a rough time finding his footing again for a decade now, underplays his role so self-consciously that when he wants us to feel his pain, all we feel is his ego. He fails to move us. And so does The Water Diviner.
rotten	It's clear that Russell Crowe has poured his heart and soul into the historical romance The Water Diviner, his first feature as a director. If only the film were better.
fresh	...tells a moving tale of a man's love for his sons and the lengths he is willing to go to return his boys home.
rotten	A sloggy, heartfelt piece of quasi-magical realist storytelling.
fresh	Russell Crowe's feature directorial debut is a triumph for him, an epic adventure and humane story that reminds me of the kind of movies I used to love before Hollywood found gold in them thar comic books.
fresh	'The Water Diviner' may not be perfect, but for a guy dabbling in a different career, it's a pretty good start.
fresh	Crowe lets his ego get the better of his judgement as director and star. It's no "Gallipoli." But it has moments of great power.
fresh	Crowe strives to strike a universal chord about the futility of war. Simplistic? Maybe. But in crafting a film about the pain a parent feels after losing a child in battle, Crowe transcends borders and politics.
rotten	Violent WWI-era drama wastes story's potential.
fresh	Russell Crowe moves behind the camera for the first time for this heartfelt, if inconsistently directed, story
rotten	Crowe needs, badly, a director to push back against his default mode: The script for The Water Diviner posits that Joshua Connor is the most interesting man in the frame at all times, but Crowe's performance doesn't earn that.
fresh	As in many of his previous roles, Crowe brings a credible & heartfelt gravitas to his character, & one can easily feel his pain and empathize with that and his quest. (Full Content Review - Sex, Profanity, Violence, etc. - for Parents also available)
rotten	A diviner is a person who can predict the future, but that doesn't excuse why The Water Diviner was predictable and lacking fluidity.
fresh	Even slightly self-censored, its images of broken cities and the walking wounded is a strong restating of the film's message: There is no such thing as a "good" war. There's only war - sometimes necessary, sometimes not. And always inhuman.
rotten	To watch "The Water Diviner" it be warned constantly that we must break ourselves of our addiction to imagery that the film we're watching can't seem to resist.
fresh	Before the script by Andrew Knight and Andrew Anastasios yields to a Hollywood-style ending that doesn't fit, it makes poignant points about the futility of combat (especially World War I, the most meaningless war of the last century).
rotten	Water seeks its own level and Crowe, while in over his head, will find his audience.
rotten	The Water Diviner almost succeeds by way of its unfaltering sincerity, but the movie is too unfocused ... for it to have much of an effect.
fresh	The film feels purposeful and true. Good job, mate.
rotten	Despite the incongruous romance and abrupt action beats, Crowe gives a likable, sympathetic performance. But it all starts to dry up before our eyes.
rotten	"The Water Diviner" takes some strange detours, and the storytelling demands of the sprawling epic get to be too much for Crowe.
fresh	"The Water Diviner" can't help itself with unnecessarily romantic pursuits, but fringe interests fail to implode this sturdily constructed film.
fresh	Before it detours into not one, not two, but at least three preposterous Hollywood twists, "The Water Diviner" is an absorbing drama.
fresh	The awfulness and futility of war are seared onto the screen, in images that are often hard to look at.
fresh	If you can keep in mind that the whole thing is an Australian tweak of the magic carpet story from The Arabian Nights, you can probably enjoy this improbable, episodic, and earnestly entertaining...story.
rotten	The Water Diviner has some compelling moments, yet its magical realism jars against the grave historical subject matter.
rotten	You don't have to be a historian to wonder about the timing of the opening or a critic to regret that Mr. Crowe has signed onto a preposterous, would-be sweeping historical romance that's far too slight and silly to carry the weight of real history.
rotten	feels like an affront - and a waste of time
rotten	While the war story aims for epic turf, the love story settles for manipulation.
rotten	Assuming you buy that a noble man of the earth can use his divining skills to locate loved ones in the muddy remains of war, there's plenty else that stretches credibility in Crowe's film.
fresh	It suggests nothing so much as a movie version of a book-club novel that has yet to be written. That doesn't have to be an insult, and it isn't.
fresh	After toiling for the likes of Ridley Scott, Ron Howard, and Peter Weir all these years, Crowe takes command of his own camera crews and castmates, mounting an ambitious and sentimental period drama.
fresh	There's at least one better film on the topic - Gallipoli - but The Water Diviner has its moments, even if its grasp of reality is all wet.
rotten	The film requires a historical complexity that eludes Crowe, who flattens the landscape into bromides on family and country, and the hard-won glories of being Russell Crowe.
fresh	Crowe shows great skill in staging scenes. He finds the right pacing to get the most out of the scenes without letting them become contrived.
rotten	This is truly a story about the wounds that wars leave even on those who don't fight in them -- and all the lengths to which Crowe will go to convince you that strong men also cry, sir. Strong men also cry.
rotten	The film leaves you feeling as though you've watched a movie thrice its running time. Crowe, the director, knows what he wants... and what he wants, apparently, is everything. It's too much.
fresh	Some formulaic elements creep into the story but it's anchored by the grim realities of the first modern war and a sweeping humanism reminiscent of Jean Renoir's Grand Illusion.
fresh	The Water Diviner brims with ambition and gorgeous digital camera work.
fresh	A sentimental period tale...schmaltzy but generally agreeable in a determinedly old-fashioned way.
rotten	It's three, maybe four movies smashed gruesomely into each other, as though Crowe was afraid he'd never direct again.
rotten	Crowe is effectively restrained in his acting, but in his debut as a director, he overdoes the manipulative music and the pretty images from cinematographer Andrew Lesnie.
fresh	While the film is not in masterpiece territory, Crowe's aims are stirring, his point of view is confident, and his directing skill with his co-stars is firm.
rotten	"The Water Diviner" just wants to tell an old-fashioned war story, but it might have picked the wrong war.
fresh	Seen through Crowe's beauty-seeking if exoticizing camera, the Turkey-set period epic asks difficult and urgent questions about war and masculinity
fresh	The movie is beautifully shot and Crowe is adept at filming war action and the camaraderie that forms even among former enemies.
fresh	Crowe is not messing around here, not trying to dream up opportunities to throw himself another close-up. He's a genuine director.
fresh	Russell Crowe delivers -- as actor and director -- in sweeping WWI-era drama.
rotten	"The Water Diviner" begins to feel less organic than catered from an ordering menu of movie cliches.
fresh	The Water Diviner is a promising debut. Russell Crowe probably has many years left before he delivers his tour de force, but at least he's given us a tour worth attending.
fresh	The feature directorial debut of Russell Crowe, who also stars, it tells a compelling tale of loss and reconciliation, and does so with evenhanded sympathy for the adversaries on both sides of the conflict.
rotten	While it's exciting that my watch learned to talk and yelled "Stop looking at me!" that doesn't excuse the two-hour incompetence festival that is The Water Diviner.
rotten	Crowe is a commanding lead actor who could have made it into something special if he'd stayed out of his own way. Maybe he should have stayed home. You should.
rotten	Its emotional thrust ... is made limp by indiscriminate direction and the kind of quantity-over-quality mindset that invites tacked-on romances and dream sequences that play like dream-sequence parodies.
rotten	The pseudo-mystical elements never quite connect with Crowe's old-fashioned, melodramatic storytelling, especially the cheesy romance.
rotten	Crowe and his writing team milk the tragedy, lather the romance on with a spatula and even throw in some adventure, presumably because they got bored.
fresh	Crowe makes the most of his own quiet presence, and this ode to the world's never-recovered soldiers and their families is a fitting meditation on the insanity of war.
fresh	Beautifully directed and entertaining, but the history is problematic.
rotten	As a director, Mr. Crowe's camera meanders all over the place; as an actor, he mumbles and growls his way through the carnage like it was nothing more important than a re-make of Gladiator, filmed on old sets from Gene Autry westerns.
rotten	Russell Crowe proves to be a proficient director in need of better material with The Water Diviner, an adaptation of Andrew Anastasios and Dr. Meaghan Wilson-Anastasios's inspired-by-true-events novel.
fresh	Stately, old-fashioned and sentimental...and historically revisionist.
fresh	Russell Crowe acquits himself nicely in this overly ambitious yet still slim historical romantic drama.
fresh	War is hell and love is difficult in this epic-style, old-fashioned Hollywood movie.
rotten	A surprising number of technical mistakes for a major film released by a studio.
fresh	Russell Crowe's directing debut is an entertaining albeit flawed drama-adventure set in the aftermath of one of the most infamous battles of World War I.
rotten	The Water Diviner comes up dry.
rotten	In straining for the profound, the film ultimately loses its way in a veritable no-man's land of ill-conceived stylistic choices and narrative switchbacks.
fresh	The curiously-titled film is both a realistic war drama and a mystical fairy tale, and the styles don't always marry perfectly.
fresh	If [Crowe's] performance wasn't as strong as it is then The Water Diviner simply wouldn't work at all and it would be harder to forgive some of his less impressive directorial judgements.
fresh	Russell Crowe makes an entertaining debut as director.
fresh	When director Crowe sticks to historical adventure, his film is tense and exciting. But it lacks a sense of magic that it needs to make it fully engaging.
fresh	Russell Crowe's directorial debut proves an odd mix of war-is-hell realism and slushy romance. It doesn't always work but is at least handled with sincerity.
fresh	The romance feels a bit tacked on but Crowe clearly knows how to direct a battle scene.
rotten	While the heartless Brit caricatures may be an accepted genre staple, the smouldering cultural exchanges between a fiftysomething Oz farmer and a winsome Turkish hotelier push this from old-fashioned melodrama into modern-day mush.
rotten	This handsome, earnest bit of piffle not only stars Russell Crowe but marks his directing debut.
rotten	Sometimes it works but more often it just feels corny and obvious.
fresh	Russell Crowe makes a sure-footed if unadventurous debut as director with this tale ...
fresh	Russell Crowe's directorial debut is a solid, old-fashioned piece of film-making set in Australia and Turkey during the First World War and its aftermath that is guilty of some strange historical oversights.
rotten	Russell Crowe's first effort as a director provides four movies for the price of one.
rotten	This is a sugary drama, in which Crowe's big emotional moment looks as if some assistant director applied a trickling tear to his cheek with an eyedropper.
fresh	If you are in search of national mythologies on the grandest scale, nothing will beat the scene in which Russell takes on a small army with just a cricket bat.
rotten	Sadly, it's only the ludicrous moments that really stay with you.
fresh	For his directing debut, Russell Crowe tells a story so compelling that it almost obscures the rather clunky filmmaking...
fresh	[Crowe] has taken some easy shortcuts, but his future in directing looks bright as the Anatolian sunrise.
fresh	Crowe mounts the story in square, gruffly emotive fashion, but his best achievement is wrestling with a truculent, famously thin-skinned leading man, and extracting the most soulful performance he's given in years.
rotten	The story is remarkable and profound, however the way the tale has been presented and told is too cliched, devaluing the poignancy attached to this narrative.
fresh	It has sincerity, sensitivity and is often ravishing to look at but is let down by a chocolate box love story. Still, Crowe still might have a Braveheart/Dances With Wolves in him yet.
fresh	Making his first shot at feature direction, Russell Crowe homes in on a key trauma in Aussie history and brings it vividly to life.
fresh	A sombre, intelligent tale of readjustment and personal healing.
fresh	Russell Crowe shows his squishy side as the director-star of this soft-hearted war melodrama.
fresh	The moving message of The Water Diviner is humane and, thankfully, not delivered with a hamfist. Given the formidable list of great directors Crowe had worked with, Ron Howard appears to be the one who has had the most influence on his emerging style.
fresh	Crowe's directorial debut is a call for tolerance and understanding, pacifism and reason, and, above all else, compassion ... for everyone affected by every war.
fresh	If you have temporarily given up on Australian-made cinema, the engrossing family drama The Water Diviner might just change your mind for the better.
fresh	This is a beautifully shot, intelligently directed film that, as with former soldier Stephen Daisley's award-winning 2010 novel Traitor, shows us another side of the Gallipoli story.
rotten	While The Water Diviner is well meaning to a fault and features moments of brilliance, star and director Russell Crowe just cannot boost his passion project through the sludge of liberal guilt that consumes the film whole.
fresh	The strength of Russell Crowe's directorial debut is its entirely inglorious depiction of the ANZAC experience.
rotten	Despite my interest, there are several elements to The Water Diviner that left me puzzled. Embedded throughout the film is a layer of "spirituality" that borders on science fiction.
fresh	"The movie's not without its problems, but it's hard to fault its reverent determination to look beyond the jingoism of the Anzac Legend, to make salient points about reconciliation"
rotten	The Water Diviner is an awkward beast, one that's too large and unwieldy for intimate drama, yet too small for the enormous frame that it hopes to fill.
rotten	The romanticism and sentiment take hold; repetitions and flashbacks crowd in, along with slow-motion camera effects that no-one really needs.
fresh	It's all anchored, however, by the quiet strength of Crowe's performance and there are plenty of moments which remind you of the power cinema can exert when emotion and spectacle are in sync.
fresh	The Water Diviner is not the masterpiece we were hoping for, or the one the Australian film industry needed, but Russell Crowe's directorial debut shows promise.
fresh	The Water Diviner is one father's crusade for peace as he wades through the devastation of war. Mr. Crowe has done an accomplished job of revisiting Gallipoli, with an open heart.
fresh	This quiet determination (of an important private objective) is well managed in the screenplay and in Crowe's direction and performance, serving as the film's emotional and moral backbone
fresh	The strength of the film is its personal nature and Crowe convincingly embodies a man whose decency and love of family, propels him on a soul-searching journey of discovery in search of redemption
fresh	Making his directorial debut with the brawny and big-hearted Australian war drama The Water Diviner, Russell Crowe taps a deep well of symbolism, cultural empathy and good old-fashioned storytelling.
fresh	An often capriciously mixed cocktail of war film and cross-cultural family melodrama, "The Water Diviner" marks an ambitious if emotionally manipulative directing debut for Russell Crowe.
fresh	It's a solid and engrossing adventure with some humour and an unlikely love interest, a fast-moving quest with a touch of Indiana Jones and a pinch of Lawrence of Arabia.
fresh	A postcard war melodrama illuminated by beautiful colours and sunshine-through-leaves lighting.
fresh	It reminds me a little of Woody Allen in that it's using comedy to make insightful comments about relationships and society.
rotten	There's a lot on the mind of this satirical look at middle-aged angst, but the film's lack of depth make its overall impact more muddled than profound.
fresh	A routine middle-age-crazy sitcom for over-educated urbanites.
fresh	While We're Young is a smart, observational comedy on the millennial iteration of the generation gap. It might have been more entertaining if you didn't feel the urge to strangle the hero.
fresh	Josh wants Jamie's life, Jamie wants Josh's status. Each generation suspects the next, but in their division Baumbach has made his most pleasing and accessible film yet.
rotten	Much like Baumbauch's filmography, it's frustratingly uneven. Razor sharp at times, but mostly scattered and unclear, out to comment on a generational divide without much of a game plan to guide the feature.
fresh	While We're Young is a rare experience -- it vaulted over my dire preconceptions.
fresh	While We're Young isn't Noah Baumbach's greatest film. It's more like a collection of his greatest hits.
fresh	Perhaps not [Baumbach's] best film, but his easiest to embrace.
fresh	A well-etched social comedy with clear viewpoints about the elastic nature of integrity and compromise.
fresh	The film asks thought-provoking questions about modern technology, friendship and even documentaries that will likely cause deep discussions afterward.
fresh	Broader and significantly funnier than any Baumbach project yet.
rotten	I wondered if writer-director Noah Baumbach couldn't decide about his own project, because he switches gears dramatically midway. I responded more strongly to the film he started to make than the one he ended with.
fresh	While Stiller's Josh may be worried about losing his edge, Baumbach should have no such fears.
fresh	Baumbach has a great sense of the ridiculous, and a sensitive instinct for keeping the attack under control.
fresh	Questions of identity abound in "Young."
fresh	A great film about modern generational relationships still needs to be made. But until such a movie comes along, the entertaining and occasionally insightful While We're Young does its part to help fill in the (generation) gap.
rotten	...very little feels organic about the film, starting with Stiller and Watts as the central couple.
fresh	Will youth triumph over the seasoning of age, or will experience trump innocence? Such time-honoured questions are folded into a cunning script.
rotten	While We're Young tries to be a lot of things, but ultimately the story left me frustrated. Like the characters, I left the film wishing about what could have been.
fresh	A great performance by Ben Stiller makes this an easygoing Sunday afternoon movie, if not one of Baumbach's best pieces of self-examination.
fresh	Throughout this peculiar and hilarious film, the answers to Baumbach's questions are found in ideologies and political rhetoric, which he believes people subscribe to in their relationships.
fresh	A human comedy of people growing up and growing older, finding out who they are and what they want out of life, and learning that every age--and every stage--has its joys as well as its jolts.
fresh	While We're Young is the Antz to Bad Neighbours' A Bug's Life, and not just because Adam Driver looks like a giant grasshopper.
rotten	I suspect the extravagant praise lavished on Noah Baumbach's films comes from those who can relate to the dreary, doleful misery of snarky, neurotic New Yorkers.
fresh	Fedoras, vomit, and laughs. Just when should you have your mid-life crisis?
fresh	The obvious shots at hipster scenes...eventually sour into a complex critique of modern ambition in a changing cultural landscape.
fresh	The best parts of this movie come from Baumbach finding inspiration in the way the younger generation works, particularly in the hipster movement.
fresh	The wonderful thing about While We're Young and the relationship that develops between Josh and Cornelia and Jamie and Darby is that it's less about resentment than it is a celebration of romantic love. At least initially.
fresh	Baumbach knows we're all wondering if we're on the right life track, and While We're Young once again shows that he understands how funny that wondering can be.
rotten	While We're Young may provide the fusion of two disparate narrative packages but the glass is only half-full.
fresh	A smart charmer of a comedy that feels as personal as it does universal -- at least for those coming to grips with the fact that they now require reading glasses.
fresh	The first two-thirds of the movie are absolutely delightful, but once the gears of the arguably too clever plot begin to grind, 'While We're Young' loses some of its appeal.
fresh	"While We're Young" is clever and sharp, but it's also uncommonly generous for a Baumbach film towards all its characters. That kindness must be a byproduct of getting older.
fresh	Baumbach, whose films include the searingly funny, autobiographical The Squid and the Whale and the brilliantly uncomfortable Margot at the Wedding, writes wry, sharp, poignant stuff.
fresh	Baumbach has more fun struggling with the deeper questions than he's ever had before, and the result is an open-hearted, quick-witted take on old problems in new times.
fresh	Baumbach plays with universal themes about the uncertainty of aging, the elusive nature of "cool" and the acceptance that comes with settling down ...
fresh	Yes, both characters have some major, character-defining flaws, but Baumbach observes the two men with unexpected sympathy.
fresh	When "Young" is good, it is delicious, playing on 40-somethings' resistance to being considered "middle-aged."
rotten	For a while much of this contemporary comedy is great fun - until the party ends and you're ready for these people to go home.
fresh	Sharp editing, a masterful attention to pace and wonderful performances.
rotten	While We're Young starts off as an empathetic, funny look at middle age and winds up as profound and schematic as a Neil Simon play - or, for the younger set, an episode of The New Girl.
fresh	Only an artist at the midpoint between the maypole and maturity could concoct a comedy as potent as "While We're Young."
fresh	A sometimes poignant paean to struggling to age gracefully while time drags you kicking and screaming to the inevitable end, While We're Young effectively balances wry comedy and bittersweet drama.
fresh	The result isn't entirely riotous, yet Baumbach weaves in plenty of droll observations about the bittersweet burden of middle age.
fresh	Isn't as sharp or consistent as 'Greenberg,' Baumbach's previous collaboration with Ben Stiller, but while uneven, its high points outnumber the low ones.
fresh	Makes for a fantastically entertaining character study, even if you'd flee from these characters on the street. Look at these hipsters.
fresh	Has a few missteps -- perhaps part of its quality -- that are hard to brush aside. Even so, it is a great film -- the first such of 2015.
rotten	Baumbach has a solid grasp of what it feels like to hit one of those life transition points but a far more tenuous sense of the hip milieu occupied by the younger characters.
fresh	A sharp satire about the middle-aged fear of youth.
fresh	While We're Young is easily Baumbach's finest, most understanding film yet.
fresh	It still has an edge, but it's tempered with experience. Like his frequent collaborator Wes Anderson, Baumbach seems to be reaping the rewards of having grown up.
fresh	Baumbach is as perceptive as there is when it comes to the way people talk and act, achieving an acute level of realism, even in a comedy as wonderfully absurd as this one.
fresh	For about an hour, "While We're Young" was one of the most exhilarating times I've had at the movies in many a month. It played like razor-sharp Woody Allen in his prime.
fresh	Much of the film's humour is mined from its satirising of Jamie and Darby's retro-hipster lifestyle.
fresh	The film has [Baumbach's] usual strengths: sharp urban insights, brainy comedy, moments of inspired high exasperation. It also shares a few of his faults.
fresh	One of the pleasures of an intermittently very funny film is its sly and subtle approach toward the attrition between generations.
fresh	It's a funny thing, the generation gap. Depending where you are standing, it can look like anything from a hairline fracture to an unbridgeable chasm. From Noah Baumbach's point of view, there's plenty of comic mileage at either end of the spectrum.
fresh	It's a rueful look at what those in their mid-twenties and mid-forties have to offer each other and what the cultural differences are between those whose time it is now and those whose time it was 20 years ago.
fresh	Witty, observant, salty comedy about work, love, babies.
fresh	The film has its intellectual airs but it delivers witty one-liners, belly laughs and physical comedy.
fresh	If you've been wishing you could see a good Woody Allen comedy again, you should check out Noah Baumbach's While We're Young, which sees the 45-year-old director moving in on Allen's territory - the Manhattan comedy of manners.
fresh	Baumbach has always tackled tough stuff, the universal truths of growing up, growing older and confronting oneself, but I usually found his take on it to be overly precious. Until now, that is.
fresh	Funny and wise, it's got to be a front-runner for best comedy of the year.
fresh	The dynamic between Stiller and Watts, especially, is strong: he is tightly wound and neurotic, while she is much looser. It's Watts' best work for a while.
fresh	Highly recommended for anyone feeling wistful about their youth.
fresh	There are so many deserving targets skewered by Noah Baumbach's savvy Ben Stiller comedy While We're Young, you could lose count.
rotten	Noah Baumbach is still swinging away at generational divides and the plight of the artist, but here, he trades in his rapier for a foam rubber cudgel.
fresh	Both young and old will find a lot to laugh at in this film, which has Baumbach's frothiest dialog and shrewdest characterizations.
fresh	Baumbach may be the sharpest social satirist of his generation - in some ways, he's a Woody Allen with clearer vision and fewer nervous tics - but the message of this droll, enjoyable bourgeois vaudeville can be boiled down to Father Knows Best.
fresh	While We're Young pairs two New York couples, one middle-aged and anxious and the other millennial and carefree. Both are in for a satirical skewering, but also - and here's a change for Baumbach - something close to a hug.
fresh	A smart, empathetic, sometimes scarily identifiable work from a writer-director who continues to carve a gratifying niche for himself in independent cinema.
fresh	The storytelling is smooth and assured and the one-liners are generally enjoyable.
fresh	Heartbreaking and cautiously funny,
rotten	Struggles as it weaves anachronistic 'Look! Hipsters ride bikes! And watch video tapes!' commentary.
fresh	A new, endlessly confusing generation gap is just one of the subjects skewered in the brilliant new comedy from Noah Baumbach.
fresh	A lot to digest in a single viewing, but feels unmistakably like another vital work from an ever-maturing filmmaker.
fresh	Even at its most confected, this is a film that tells the truth.
fresh	Baumbach belongs in a select group of invaluable American directors. He makes movies built, increasingly, like traditionally structured studio comedies of an earlier age.
fresh	It's a satire of endless youth, "The Kids Are All Right" colliding with "My Generation." Yet it's the best kind of grown-up absurdism.
fresh	A sharp look at getting older, growing up and assuming responsibility.
fresh	Baumbach has produced another excruciatingly pleasurable and wince-inducing study in insecurity.
fresh	Writer-director Noah Baumbach once again taps into a specific point in life with astute observational skill, even if the plot feels oddly forced...
fresh	A triumphant examination of confusing efforts to figure out what to do with yourself as a human of any age.
fresh	This stinging GenX midlife meltdown is a bit strained in its plot, but that's balanced out by lots of melancholy wisdom and bittersweet wit.
rotten	"While We're Young" is one step forward and two steps back for writer-director Noah Baumbach, whose movies are never less than intelligent but, at their worst, tend to settle for gestures instead of movements.
fresh	There are no definite heroes or villains here-just shifting values that reward the good old human vanity in a new, locally-grown/artisanal/organic (insert your own buzz word here) way.
fresh	A middle-aged couple who are stuck-in-a-rut in their marriage and work yearn to build a richer and deeper life together in love.
fresh	Baumbach does a rich, comic job with the contrasts between the couples, capturing both middle-aged lightheadedness and callow youth with a simmer of sociological precision.
fresh	A cross-generational character comedy whose biggest problem is its characters, Noah Baumbach's While We're Young is sharply observed but frustratingly slight.
rotten	"While We're Young" is a movie that recedes while you're watching it.
fresh	The best Woody Allen film of 2015. A fast, funny, smart take on generational jealousy, with Ben Stiller and Adam Driver on great form.
fresh	This is sharp filmmaking, treating serious themes with a beguiling lightness.
fresh	A knotty exploration of the dialectic between sincerity and authenticity, or the shifting relationship between truth and fiction in an age where we're no longer sure what those words mean ...
fresh	Some of its sillier tangents don't always hit, but when fully firing, its barbed one-liners are often spectacular
fresh	Comes together in a way that's surprising and fulfilling.
fresh	While We're Young might be Baumbach's most playful and loose film yet. For a film about the differences between three generations of documentary filmmakers--an art form not known for the LOLs, that sets up a lot of LOLs here--that's a surprise.
fresh	While We're Young may very well turn out to be Baumbach's magnum opus.
fresh	This is advertised as a comedy, but...what it really is, is the story of idealism facing up to the real world in the movie industry. Terrific performances, well directed, great script...the ending is surprising but in touch with the real world.
fresh	In filmmaker Baumbach's contemporary comedy, Stiller and Watts never lose sight of their connection with each other even while examining their life choices.
fresh	While "Greenberg" had pointed observations to make about a middle aged egotist and his relationship with the younger generation and his own past, this one is muddied by unclear intent and sketchily defined female characters.
fresh	Might have been a simple takedown of the Millennial generation - you know: "These damn kids today." But the movie is more complex than that.
fresh	The observant and mocking humor that makes the film's first two-thirds so breezy and enjoyable gives way to shattering realizations, but Baumbach ultimately tempers that instinct somewhat by exhibiting genuine sympathy for Stiller's character.
rotten	'While We're Young' plays like a screenplay that was several drafts away from hitting its target.
fresh	When Baumbach is on, he's really on, and the brilliant "While We're Young" contains the same self-lacerating humor as his "Greenberg," "Margot at the Wedding" and "The Squid and the Whale."
fresh	Fear is a major theme of While We're Young, seriously explored even when played for laughs.
fresh	I have some problems with this movie, not all of which can be ascribed to the usual narcissism of small differences. But first it's important to acknowledge the acuity of Mr. Baumbach's insight and his overall generosity of spirit.
fresh	Baumbach, in what's easily his most conventional and commercial film, gives the film a fun rhythm and fills it with some legitimately good gags. The film is less wise than it thinks, though.
fresh	This delicious satire about aging hipsters and their discontents is everything we've come to expect from the best of Noah Baumbach, as well as several things more.
rotten	it's too heavy a load for this slight chassis to bear
fresh	A sharply observed and witty dark comedy.
fresh	Noah Baumbach's best movie since 2005's The Squid and the Whale, While We're Young navigates into more mainstream territory while losing none of the writer-director's rueful wit.
rotten	Putting one's finger on exactly what's wrong with "While We're Young" is a challenge. Best to use several fingers.
fresh	The verbal wit and comic set-ups are smart and sprung from the zeitgeist.
rotten	While We're Young is hurt more by its weak plot and resolution than anything else.
fresh	There's a certain breezy obviousness to much of the humor: it's like a broad, sitcom expansion of a Moral Tale or a Comedies and Proverbs episode that Baumbach's beloved Eric Rohmer might have made on a sortie to Williamsburg.
fresh	As usual, Baumbach's writing is alert to the lies people tell themselves to avoid combusting spontaneously in a flaming ball of self-loathing.
fresh	While We're Young is perhaps [Noah Baumbach]'s most unpleasant picture to date, and that's a compliment.
fresh	Funny and smart, finding humor in cultural pretension without taking cheap shots. That's a lot harder than it sounds.
fresh	"While We're Young" is snarky, smart and surprising, right up until the final shot.
fresh	Stiller's scenes with the gifted Adam Driver escalate into generational comic warfare of a high order. Baumbach touches a raw nerve.
fresh	One of Noah Baumbach's more accessible films, with solid performances all around.
rotten	Only the motives of Baumbach's alter ego are pure. Meanwhile, the most entertaining questions - Can people transcend wide age gaps? Should they want to? - turn out to be beside the point.
fresh	It's not Stiller's character who's the curmudgeon, it's Baumbach.
fresh	Baumbach's most conventional comedy turns out to be his most fully realized film -- sharp, polished, nicely pitched and played.
fresh	In terms of the effectiveness of its scare tactics and the precision of the one-liners, 'While We're Young' is uncut Baumbach.
fresh	Noah Baumbach's latest is a comedy of cross-generational exchange that's smart, lively, and beautifully observed-until it sours in a final act that undoes much of what precedes it.
rotten	Another inconsequential Noah Baumbach parody of so-called "normal" people trying to function in a fractional society changing too rapidly to keep up with, While We're Young is a dreary bummer.
fresh	Baumbach's confidently charming latest, plays more like a Woody Allen-ish parody than any of his other movies, but the shift hasn't required a sacrifice in insight, heart or bite.
fresh	Baumbach's eighth feature isn't just sharp, it's serrated - its jokes, and there are lots of them, come at you with rows and rows of tiny teeth.
fresh	Sharply observed, often LOL comedy about artistic integrity and the shrinking horizons of middle age.
rotten	Noah Baumbach lobs jokes with hectic editing and a Sturgesian velocity, but much of this cross-generational comedy is frantic and wearisomely superficial.
fresh	It shows a director not so much mooning over the past, with regret for faded powers, as probing his own obsessions and the limits of his style.
fresh	A classy comedy about the generation gap and the ubiquity of manipulation.
fresh	While We're Young subverts and exploits the audience's desire to find heroes and villains in its narrative. Millennials merge with Generation X and emerge conflicted, but enlightened.
fresh	Beneath the onslaught of contemporary in-jokes and one bad fedora, Baumbach manages to articulate, with a great deal of poignancy, the timeless challenge of aging
fresh	Perceptive, funny and cringingly honest ...
rotten	Ben Stiller does what he does yet again in a familiar story of a middle aged couple invigorated by youthful friends set in the borough of Noah Baumbach.
rotten	A decaffinated and sitcomish approach to a boulevard comedy of early middle-age behavior
fresh	If Frances Ha was Baumbach's very successful attempt at remembering the excitement and uncertainty of his younger years, then his new film is a witty report on where he is now -- or, at least, the people he sees around him.
fresh	Noah Baumbach's new Ben Stiller-lead comedy has big laughs and thoughtful commentary for anyone who's thought the phrase, "when I was young."
fresh	A strong mainstream effort by director Noah Baumbach. Ben Stiller hasn't been this funny in years.
fresh	Brooklyn-oriented social satire has already worn quite thin... and While We're Young is in danger of thinning out as well. But the Baumbach touch... goes a long way to smoothing out the film's more canned moments.
fresh	Intellectually supercharged entertainment, with a laugh-line-per-minute count it would be grouchy to undersell.
fresh	Baumbach is never less than shrewd in the way he links his protagonists through insecurity.
rotten	We know from his previous work that Baumbach is capable of writing much more interesting and full-conceived female characters than these, so the gender imbalance here is disappointing.
fresh	The breezy tone of the early stages deepens into something more profound by the film's conclusion.
fresh	Baumbach's own acutely observed this-is-life laffer features his most relatable characters yet.
fresh	[Baumbach's] best, and funniest, in a decade.
fresh	While a truly original comedy, "While We're Young" is the rare film that laces rich thematic elements with wonderfully drawn characters to create a picture that's as genuinely hilarious as it is thoughtful.
fresh	While We're Young is a mostly enjoyable movie, but what it's trying for is wisdom, and that's a quality that Baumbach doesn't earn.
fresh	The most hilarious Woody Allen film in years is directed by Noah Baumbach, with Ben Stiller as basically an updated version of the idealistic documentary filmmaker the Woodman played in 'Crimes and Misdemeanors.'
fresh	Justin Long and Johnny Depp join the "Clerks" director for a weird, unpredictable movie that still feels like only Smith could have made it.
fresh	A film with performances much better than its material
fresh	... offers a compelling glimpse into the convergence of journalism and the justice system.
fresh	True Story covers a lot of ground quickly ... leaving plenty of room to explore the film's complex themes.
fresh	Begins better than it ends, with tantalizing details that suggest a more satisfying tale than is actually in store.
fresh	When the truth of the story at last sinks in, it's not decorous at all -- which is to the credit of Rupert Goold and True Story.
fresh	We can admire the concept, but we're happy when it's over.
rotten	What's the opposite of stealing a movie? Putting it back? Looking the other way? Laziness? Whatever it is, that's where I am with James Franco.
fresh	Gripping, disturbing drama based on real murders.
rotten	Though [True Story] attempts to tackle issues of reportorial and moral integrity -- just how far someone will go to convince him or herself that the end justifies the means -- it is ultimately totally out of its depth.
fresh	Ripped from the headlines, it is not as good as "Capote," but close enough.
rotten	Biggest crime is underusing its best actor. Felicity Jones gets stuck in a cliched dutiful wife trope.
rotten	Finkel comes off as a generic viewer surrogate, which is a problem when the viewer is ahead of him.
fresh	With True Story, the very definition of "true crime" itself is put under the microscope, as Jonah Hill and James Franco both play against type and play against one another.
rotten	Where to begin in tabulating the missteps in this uninvolving, mechanically plotted mystery. We don't buy Hill for a second as a globe-trotting reporter; Franco's accused killer is all twinkly-eyed smirks.
rotten	Filming a drama about the compromises and conventions of storytelling, Goold falls prey to them. He lacks the pulp verve and the symbolic imagination to illuminate or even convey the characters' mysteries.
rotten	A crime drama posing as a mystery.
fresh	It's not in the same league as "Capote" or the recent "Jinx," but still earns its place in the pantheon of journalists cozying up with mass murderers.
fresh	'True Story' is about how far a person can bend the truth before it breaks and how devastating it can be when it finally gives way.
rotten	Franco often comes across more as a guy peeved that someone tapped out the frat-house keg than a tortured individual potentially engaged in Machiavellian maneuverings.
fresh	Goold never allows the script or actors to make light of the relationship --- or its importance.
fresh	Hill and Franco did not rehearse their scenes together beyond the first table read, all the better to make their interaction more natural and plausible. It worked.
rotten	A story with potential that's done in by Hill, who is not up to the task of portraying such a complex character.
rotten	Jonah Hill stars in a drama that's no laughing matter. Even though the film grows muddled in trails of misdirected ambition and deceit, Hill excels.
fresh	It's as good as any work I've seen in a film in 2015, and "True Story" is one of the better movies to come along this year.
rotten	Slow pacing on top of subdued performances and a misappropriation of the film's focus turns us into the real victims of this film.
rotten	One of the creepiest disclosures in this rather weird movie comes at the very end, when we discover how a couple of the featured players are getting along now.
fresh	'True Story' reminds us to take anything we view with a grain a salt and a sneer of incredulous while truly appreciating those who do not lie...
fresh	Attention, true crime addicts desperate for a new fix after Serial and The Jinx: This riveting and highly disturbing chiller will satiate your needs.
rotten	...never developed any sympathy for the two key players.
fresh	This type of wallow in ethical murk isn't always exciting, but it's heady and deep.
fresh	Director Rupert Goold keeps things appropriately creepy, but True Story is no Capote.
fresh	True Story digs deeper into the cultural fascination with killers and attempts a potent corrective along the way, reminding us who's been lost but also how justice isn't just another gripping procedural.
rotten	This is a movie about two men facing off on a playing field of ego and hubris. The last thing it needed was a couple of star turns.
rotten	Slow moving and never delivers on "Why?"
rotten	This is a strange story to tell and an even stranger way of telling it, and worst of all, it's puts us in position to root for the redemption of a character who doesn't deserve it and shouldn't have it.
rotten	Director Rupert Goold obviously had Truman Capote and In Cold Blood in mind while making True Story, and it pops into our heads, too, but the comparison isn't always a good thing.
fresh	Methodically paced, and anchored by two damned solid performances from Jonah Hill and James Franco.
fresh	A bizarre and at times downright creepy story that functions well as a good yarn but also for its exploration of the often-blurred boundary between truth and fiction.
fresh	An okay if underwhelming 100 or so minutes where the only real question and related drama is whether the accused is guilty or not. (Full Content Review -- Sex, Profanity, Violence, etc. -- for Parents also available)
rotten	Longo's character remains not just opaque, but uninteresting, while Finkel's gets endless, useless attention. As fascinating as he may have been to himself, the movie never conveys that appeal to us.
rotten	As refreshing as it is not to see a comic book, slam-banger movie this close to summer releases, the talky 'True Story' could use some movement. Adapting it as a stage play seems more plausible.
rotten	A cat-and-mouse murder tale in which the mouse is a self-destructive sap and the cat has been declawed.
fresh	Uneven but Franco's creepy charm is compelling.
rotten	You could easily imagine Hill and Franco in a parody version, with Franco, like Sharon Stone in Basic Instinct, crossing and uncrossing his legs to each probing question.
rotten	Jones delivers her moral righteousness with a passion the rest of the film lacks. Otherwise, this is just the story of an awful human and the dupe who loved him.
fresh	True Story fascinates beyond the initial hook of the story...
fresh	Does a lot of its work with its tongue-in-cheek title, a meta commentary on the not-so-broad spectrum of liar, actor, fiction writer, filmmaker and journalist.
rotten	There's a fascinating true story at the heart of True Story, but somehow the process of putting it on film has smoothed out the horror and smothered the inherent allure in the tale of a disgraced journalist who befriends an accused murderer.
rotten	Never mind the facts. True Story, slick and shaky, doesn't know where the truth lies.
rotten	Unfortunately this "Story" never finds its footing as either a creepy morality play or a performance-driven two-hander.
rotten	The drama has a wicked premise and some memorable one-on-one scenes, but it leads nowhere.
fresh	To watch "True Story" is to think, "Wait, this insane thing really happened, right?" But, sadly, it is also to think, "Boy, do these two deserve each other."
rotten	Leads with its chin from the title on down and which turns a startling tale of true crime and false identities into a heavy-breathing drama that, ironically, fails to convince.
fresh	This is chilling material, and Hill and Franco make sure the story packs a wallop.
rotten	There is plenty of potential for turns and twists, but nothing ever happens.
rotten	The real story of Christian Longo and Michael Finkel might be a fascinating and disturbing tale of crime, curiosity and journalistic ethics, but that's not what this movie is.
rotten	"True Story" rings false from start to finish.
rotten	Lightweight script doesn't help a grandiose premise.
rotten	not enough of a promise to power the entire film
fresh	The script is first-rate, questioning whether any story can really be credible when both the writer and the subject have everything to gain from it.
fresh	Watching these two actors (and off-screen best buds) feed off each other becomes the big draw in British theater director Rupert Goold's interesting but ultimately underwhelming movie debut.
fresh	True Story is more like watching a chess match between expert players than attending a soccer match that erupts in a crowd riot.
fresh	A fact-based but slow-paced legal thriller notable more for its cast than its narrative momentum.
fresh	Franco is finely cast as the manipulative murderer-his heavy-lidded eyes and half-smirk can be menacing given the right material.
rotten	Even with shrewd and honest work by Franco and Hill and a solid supporting turn from under-used Felicity Jones as Finkel's romantic partner, the film comes to life only sporadically.
fresh	While the movie sometimes seems like faux Fincher, the symbiotic acting, artful imagery and punchline ending turn "True Story" into credible entertainment.
fresh	True Story is an intrinsically fascinating and occasionally riveting tale marred by unnecessary embellishments.
rotten	Viewers aren't left with queasy questions about truth, credulousness and culpability as much as with a downcast shrug.
fresh	[An] intermittently fascinating movie version from first-time features director Rupert Goold and stars Jonah Hill and James Franco in roles that, for once, don't ask them to be caricatures of arrested adolescence.
rotten	If we figure out Franco-as-Longo is lying before Hill-as-Finkel does, then why should we be interested in this writer's redemption if he's so easily hornswoggled?
rotten	Every so often you will look at Franco and think what a fine job of acting he's doing. But you'll think that even as you are not believing a moment of it.
fresh	By film's end, True Story is less about the evil of which people are capable than the way we manipulate and act, sometimes unconsciously, in order to get what we want.
fresh	The film is pretty standard fare that, considering the crazy-but-true nature of the story, deserved something a little more memorable than this.
rotten	Maybe the point is we never know who or what to believe. But too many maybes are hell on sustaining tension.
rotten	A dry, flat production. Neither convincing nor dramatic.
rotten	"True Story" spends much of its 90 minutes trying to figure out just what it is.
fresh	"True Story" introduces itself as a tale of murder, but it's special work when dissecting the death of integrity.
fresh	A chilling tale about the price of lying.
rotten	Frequently bounces back and forth between something that lives up to its name and something that inspires skepticism and disbelief.
rotten	There's no tension and never a moment where it feels like anything is at stake. Longo is guilty; Finkel will get his story and get on with his life. It's all about them, not what happened to an innocent family.
rotten	This based-on-fact drama would seem to have enough lurid details, slippery truths and human complexity to be an intriguing combination of "Capote" and "Shattered Glass." But the movie squanders its chances.
fresh	Like Serial and The Jinx, it draws some fascination from the distinct possibility that the suspect it studies may be guilty as charged.
fresh	Even if the treatment of the story can be a bit lifeless, the facts themselves are so fascinating that the movie can't help but be compelling.
fresh	Franco downplays his accused killer role, speaking softly and dazedly, which works eerily well. Hill makes Finkel driven and obsessed, yet never heroic.
rotten	We should suffer along with the unsteady Finkel as he gets drawn into Longo's world, but too often, his anxieties remain exclusively his own.
rotten	In Cold Blood -- or even Capote -- this is not. It's made with too much slickness, and you'll be way ahead of it.
fresh	Although True Story never comes close to Truman's Capote's In Cold Blood standard for true crime, its willingness to shed the procedural approach allows it to transcend the mediocrity that often infects tales of this sort.
rotten	In the four years since he was Oscar-nominated for "127 Hours'' - and disastrously co-hosted the Academy Awards ceremony - James Franco has gone from one of our most exciting actors to an international joke.
fresh	That the main characters are played by James Franco and Jonah Hill makes it more interesting - a good thing because most of the story is two guys sitting around talking. You'll be glad it's them.
rotten	Goold has made a stolid, well-acted, intelligent drama that respects the complications of Finkel and Longo's storytelling agendas without bringing them to life.
rotten	True Story trips and stumbles so much in the telling that you don't know what to believe, and instead of one man's irony you end up with two men's lies.
fresh	Hill and Franco are well-cast, but the meant-to-be-more-suspenseful film? "Capote Lite."
rotten	Pat and thin, swelling up like a balloon in its middle section before shrinking to a nub by its end.
fresh	The limitations of its script and of Jonah Hill's performance in the central role keep it from transcending its shortcomings.
rotten	The balance between true-crime cable soap and the darker, richer layers of Franco's performance never quite adds up.
rotten	The filmmakers follow the lead of a true story into a thicket of snarled motivations, confusing situations and tepid confrontations that yield little actual conflict.
rotten	Especially for a movie that springs from a horrific and grisly crime, True Story feels undershaped and indistinct; it's too dispassionate to be genuinely chilly.
rotten	If the film's copycat visual artistry illuminates nothing, at least its script is sincerely devoted to probing Finkel and Longo's odd partnership.
rotten	A story this strange and intriguing could have used more juice. Ultimately, True Story is as frosty and aloof as the enigmatic Christian Longo.
rotten	True Story is involving but surprisingly calm, going for stretches without seeming to care whether what he's reporting is an expose or a cover-up.
rotten	A very dry legal procedural.
fresh	The chemistry between Jonah Hill and James Franco banks on their friendly comfortability, but this immediate bond makes for a tense, jarring tension that emerges from two tragically destined characters.
fresh	Clever exploration of a cat-and-mouse theme featuring the exploitation of a journalist by a convicted murderer.
fresh	Understated in spite of its sensational subject matter, it's a well-made if somewhat humdrum movie.
fresh	A riveting and rigorous examination of lying.
fresh	An incredibly frustrating film where only supporting player Felicity Jones truly shines.
rotten	When more ambitious films indict a lie, the entertainment defense wins every case, but True Story falls short.
rotten	The film makes a show of judging its subject, Mike Finkel, even while taking his story at face value and paying him for the privilege. It's bogus moralizing piled atop more bogus moralizing. Great acting though!
rotten	Lack of subtlety downgrades True Story into a crumpled piece of questionable non-fiction.
fresh	An offbeat crime drama that compels right from the start and will have audiences talking.
fresh	Such a strong piece that I would not even be remotely surprised if this is being talked about at year's end, come awards time.
fresh	A strong showcase for Jonah Hill's dramatic chops.
fresh	"True Story" doesn't seem to fully capture what's fascinating about the material.
fresh	The important themes below the surface come out in impressionistic waves. The actual story, with its occasionally cringe-worthy, on-the-nose dialogue, comes very close to exposing the entire production as a lie.
fresh	"True Story" is a tightly made slice of true crime that treads the line between fact and fiction that has so bedeviled storytellers, and asserts that perhaps reality lies somewhere outside of that, and is still only what you make of it.
fresh	In Goold's hands, the two thesps deliver measured, soul-searching work.
fresh	The film is not only stylized, but it is also about style. From the multipurpose suits and accessories to the deadly prosthetic legs, there is an elegance behind it all.
fresh	If you too like action films with lots of flipping and gunplay, then probably you're going to greatly enjoy yourself.
fresh	The leads are good, and there's enough zip in the script, and Vaughan's direction, to hold the interest.
fresh	A punk rock rebel of a movie. It follows no rules. It slaps you in the face while making you laugh. Completely entertaining, it also isn't afraid. In our environment of careful and slavish correctness to groupthink, that feels like a refreshing breeze.
fresh	A rousing dose of retro-fueled fun, replete with sharply dressed secret agents, hi-tech gadgets, lethal henchmen (er, henchwomen), and, of course, a diabolical villain with a secluded mountain-top stronghold.
rotten	However far-fetched and theatrical Kingsman: The Secret Service may be, it's a tepid throwback.
fresh	One of the most smartly-crafted action films of recent years... [but] it has some grim, grim thoughts about human beings and society.
fresh	A celebration of the lost art of political incorrectness.
fresh	A veritable Dinstuhl's of scrumptious eye candy, but with a premise that is a throwback fantasy to an era of white-supremacist colonialist world oversight: The Kingsman 'knights' are living symbols of superior Anglo civilization, and they know best.
fresh	A smarter spoof than Austin Powers, and free of the over-seriousness of the Bond movies, Kingsman: The Secret Service is a much-needed fresh take on spy fiction.
fresh	Imagine a Roger Moore James Bond with the potty mouth of Lock Stock and Two Smoking Barrels and the action from The Raid.
fresh	Watching Kingsman: The Secret Service made me think of Casino Royale. Both of them. The silly first one with David Niven playing 007, and Daniel Craig's rebooted, bare-knuckle Bond. One spy romp nothing like the other, nor a particularly good match.
fresh	On Day One of filming, they must have thrown away the moral compass and taken a group vow to splatter our sensibilities with stylish, gratuitous violence and one "Wait, what?!" moment after another.
rotten	Firth does a good job as the proper English spy and looks like he's having a good time. Sadly I couldn't say the same.
fresh	At its heart, Kingsman is just as much a parody of James Bond and his spy genre cousins as the Austin Powers franchise.
fresh	It's not a full-on spoof like Austin Powers but Kingsman: The Secret Service is very aware of the cliched world in which it operates.
fresh	'Kingsman: The Secret Service' is an entertaining nod to spy flicks from the 1960s.
fresh	Rowdy, amusing romp - spoofing the James Bond concept of dapper gentlemen involved in international intrigue.
rotten	While the bounteous fight sequences have verve and style, the rest of the film does not.
rotten	Any sense of triumph is purely at the level of stuntcraft. The rest feels less than the sum of the moving parts.
fresh	Camping it up, Jackson is hilarious.
fresh	More often than not, as he keeps the action coming and juggles numerous topics, Vaughn delivers a vibrantly entertaining good time.
fresh	A loving homage to spy movies that stands as a film in its own right, Kingsman draws its influences from all the right places and, most importantly, is entertaining.
fresh	Kingsman: The Secret Service isn't for the politically correct or the faint of heart. But, if you're on its groovy, twisted wavelength, it's a stone blast.
fresh	Move over, James Bond. Some new supercool spy guys--and gals--have just laid claim to the multiplex, and they make just about everything that came before them look old, slow, tame and even lazy.
fresh	In a million years, nobody watching The King's Speech could've imagined that one day the Oscar winner would clean house in a house of worship armed with a bulletproof umbrella. But he just did. Somewhere, Tarantino is kicking himself.
fresh	has a solid sense of fun
fresh	Cheeky, rude, stylized, stylish, in crashingly bad taste and with something to offend absolutely everyone. In short, check it out.
fresh	Perfect. And a massacre worth seeing.
fresh	Occasionally director Matthew Vaughn likes to show us just how crazy-violent his imagination can get, and not every frame of those scenes is necessary but it's a small price to pay for such pure escapist entertainment as this.
fresh	"Kingsman" is not for the faint of heart and features some intense violenece, but it's delightful tone makes even the most sinister of acts feel like they can be avenged with a smile.
fresh	The set pieces manage to be both bold and old. A bloody shoot-out set in a Kentucky church, however, is just cold.
fresh	Surprisingly entertaining.
fresh	The fight scenes are very well staged in this film. The acting is solid in all the main characters, which are fleshed out better than are the characters in most spy movies.
fresh	As you'd expect from Matthew Vaughn, the purveyor of the scintillating superhero sendup "Kick-Ass," the experience is adrenaline-pumping to the point of overload.
fresh	A fun, imaginative and highly entertaining adventure. But, then, in my book, any film with Colin Firth is a winner!
fresh	The body count is so high the only thing missing is Uma Thurman.
fresh	The picture cannily works on two fronts, not only operating as a bona fide throwback flick but also subverting the genre in imaginative ways.
fresh	...an entertaining thriller/spoof of the James Bond genre...marred by too graphic violence but abetted by fine performances and wry humor.
fresh	Frequently reactionary, bordering on retrograde, bordering on reprobate. But it's also a tremendous amount of fun.
fresh	While much of Kingsman is an entertaining spy romp, Vaughn overindulges in some lengthy killing sprees that diminish the overall power of his film.
fresh	All about fun, playfully riffing on the James Bond movies while establishing a stylish, over-the-top formula of its own and tackling the issue of class.
fresh	Based on a comic book, Kingsman occasionally betrays its roots but Vaughn has adapted it to fit his unique approach.
fresh	I had no idea how much I wanted to see Colin Firth kick butts and shoot people in the head until I saw him do it.
fresh	Smart genre riffs and hyper-stylized action, Kingsman: The Secret Service manages to provide a clever twist on the spy movie format.
rotten	I don't use the word "reprehensible" a lot, but that's what this movie becomes after a promising start.
fresh	The core story unfolds predictably, but, like the Kingsmen themselves, with style.
fresh	Kingsman: The Secret Service politely and eloquently clobbers you with undeniable wit, frantic yet unflinching action, and extremely adult but uproarious humor.
fresh	Only one complaint. Why the heavy language? The R-rating keeps teens who'd also enjoy this really fun spy romp from enjoying the fun without mom and dad tagging along.
fresh	This movie is a whole lot of fun, especially to be treasured by movie nerds (references galore) and action aficionados (a few of the sequences, while not revolutionary, will still leave you breathless).
fresh	In the age of the overserious spy film (see: Daniel Craig's Bond, the Jason Bourne series, etc.), this is exactly the bold, silly kick up the ass that the genre needed.
rotten	The second half of "Kingsman" is a wipe-out of epic proportions, with Vaughn and Millar losing their sense of structure to whip up a painfully familiar frenzy.
rotten	If the movie had kept up this kind of pace and tone for the rest of the way, I would have been a fan.
fresh	Jones-ing for a Bond movie?
fresh	Brash, witty spy film is packed with over-the-top violence.
rotten	The second half of the movie becomes a loud, f-bombing cliche of excessive violence.
rotten	Doubles down on glib ultraviolence while pressing buttons of class-consciousness and teasing out pop-culture allusions and self-aware witticisms. But this time, the postmodernism feels played out.
rotten	...combined with an inane villain master plan and a third-act turn into large-scale gratuitous brutality, the thing becomes a tonal mess.
fresh	Not for every taste, but this spy spoof has some kick
fresh	Entertaining enough, but if you're going to keep referencing James Bond, shouldn't you actually have something to say *about* Bond? It lacks a satirical edge and there isn't nearly enough sex.
fresh	What makes "Kingsman" so entertaining is that it is totally aware of what it is doing, giving you a nudge to inform you know that, yes, we are letting you in on the joke as well.
rotten	It sounds fun in theory, I guess, and there are some entertaining moments of rude irreverence here and there but the giddiness gets a bit tedious after a while.
fresh	Kingsman is not a film for gentlemen. It's for us, the great unwashed, bloodthirsty audience. It's an immaculately engineered, laugh-out-loud appeal to our own depravity.
rotten	Vaughn is expert at eyeball-knifing action, but he's so invested in its execution that he can't seem to let it go, and it runs on and on.
fresh	Firth participates in the bulk of the fisticuffs, and seeing the British actor - best known for playing a role in which his chief antagonist was a speech impediment - lay the smack down is a hoot.
fresh	I'm not saying I'm proud to have enjoyed a movie in which a dapper Colin Firth kills about a hundred people while the guitar solo from "Freebird" plays on the soundtrack. I'm just saying I did.
fresh	If you don't take it seriously for one instant and don't mind the hard-R content, you'll have a blast. (Full Content Review -- Sex, Profanity, Violence, etc. -- for Parents also available)
rotten	Style to spare? Sure. Bond-like flourishes? Yup. Yet Kingsman crumbles under the weight of its own ultra-violence.
rotten	It relishes low-class ugliness.
fresh	Kingsman: The Secret Service is a lively, dashing and amusing motion picture that smartly spoofs and slyly celebrates the James Bond spy-film franchise.
rotten	The film tries so hard to be a clever, deconstructive meta-tale, forever winking at the audience about its silly story, that it metas itself into insignificance.
fresh	Director Matthew Vaughn brings his unique sensibilities and breathes a breath of fresh air to the stagnate Spy Genre. You can't go wrong with Samuel Jackson as a mean mugging, villain who speaks with an hysterically bad lisp.
fresh	From start to finish, Kingsman is cartoonish -- or maybe graphic-novelish -- in the absolute best way possible, thanks to its inventive mix of action.
fresh	It's not necessarily trying to reinvent Bond, so much as reminding us that there are other games in town. And they can be just as enjoyable to play.
rotten	The violence is intense (I'd go so far as to call it appalling), even by Bond standards.
rotten	A near-miss...it runs down in the second half and its dark turn proves overly jarring.
fresh	A film that began with a confident sense of sophistication, wit, and edge knows what it is not ("This is not that kind of movie") but not what it is.
rotten	[A] movie that can't quite seem to decide if it wants to come across as superior to the perceived silliness of its inspiration or if it just wants to go with the silly flow.
rotten	The problem is that Mr. Vaughn has no interest in, or perhaps understanding of, violence as a cinematic tool. He doesn't use violence; he squanders it.
fresh	"Kingsman: The Secret Service" holds many surprises: all inventive, some comical, most intentionally silly, a few horrifically and gratuitously violent.
rotten	Ultimately, there's little to care about in Kingsman, a spy film that's all dressed up with no place to go.
fresh	It's hugely enjoyable.
rotten	Enjoys its basest fantasies without even acknowledging that they're base. A wink or a nudge indicating some glimmer of maturity could turn the third act into a masterpiece of rebellion, but it's all bravado.
fresh	"Kingsman: The Secret Service" is a youth-quaking riff bursting with affection for vintage 007 action and urbanity, yet one that feels wholly organic in the way it goes about selling this appreciation to a younger crowd.
fresh	If you can forgive the failings for at least some of the two-plus-hour running time, "Kingsman" serves up its share of entertaining froth.
rotten	The main reason Kingsman: The Secret Service leaves you feeling rooked is that it wastes a once-in-an-actor's-lifetime opportunity.
fresh	Kingsman ... keeps finding new ways to surprise with well-trodden territory.
rotten	Vaughn packs the frames with eye-popping detail, and there's an infectious creative energy to his violent action sequences, but the film's hatefulness is hard to stomach.
rotten	For all Vaughn's attention to stylized details, I noticed a number of obvious continuity errors throughout to which Vaughn seems blind.
fresh	Kingsman has a spastic verve that turns what could otherwise be gratuitous and rude into an act of spunky bravado, like it's making good on a dare. I'm surprised they got away with some of it.
fresh	Vaughn has transformed the original comic book story into one with enough sharp edges that this could be the next big spy series. To accomplish that task, it will take a little more consistency with the future films.
fresh	The joyously silly and ultraviolent black comedy Kingsman: The Secret Service captures the spirit of 1960s Cold War spy movies.
fresh	achieves its goal in spite of itself
fresh	There's enough action, suspense and all-around fun to make Kingsman: The Secret Service an unexpectedly enjoyable ride.
fresh	The less you try to make sense of "Kingsman: The Secret Service," the more you'll enjoy this freewheeling, preposterously violent action comedy from the creators of "Kick-Ass."
rotten	This absurdist mashup of spy-movie genres-especially those with gentleman spies-points up the frenzied pace of change with a frenzy of its own, then runs low on comic resources in the process.
fresh	Like the rookie who knows that you have to make a few mistakes while following the master, the movie shrugs off its missteps with a wink and a smile that makes them easy to forgive.
rotten	The mix of comedy and corpses in "Kingsman" becomes callous and clueless - in addition to seeming about 50 years behind the times.
fresh	It could be tighter but it's lots of fun.
fresh	Things go from far-fetched to insane before it's over, and Vaughn wisely keeps the pace at a healthy clip. But never underestimate his power to floor you.
fresh	In spite of a few questionable tonal shifts and a spare misstep here and there, "Kingsman: The Secret Service" makes a name for itself because of its buoyant, frequently bawdy sense of fun.
rotten	Does "Kingsman: The Secret Service" have a secret right-wing agenda? I couldn't get that thought out of my mind while watching this visually taxing and noisy spy spoof.
fresh	Heads roll. And explode, en masse. Bodies are bisected. Vaughn is the sort of fellow who feels that if he hasn't taken things too far, he hasn't gone far enough.
rotten	"Kingsman" is like a high-speed collision between a Jaguar and a jaywalking soccer hooligan. It's ridiculously out of balance, and when you're stuck in the middle, it doesn't seem so funny.
fresh	A stylized superspy caper stretching a selection of high-profile actors to roles satirically against type.
fresh	Its blend of breathless action with Brit irreverence is like James Bond skipping the martinis and lacing a proper cup of tea with crack.
rotten	This is world-class action filmmaking at the service of a smug, soulless story.
fresh	A brazen, subversive send-up of 007, Kingsman: The Secret Service also has the high-octane excitement to work as a spy film on its own merits.
fresh	Simultaneous spoof, homage, one-upping, and debasement of James Bond, delivered with gory, self-conscious glee by the inimitable Matthew Vaughn.
fresh	Those of limited imagination will likely complain 'Kingsman' is cribbing from the 007 franchise. But it's really subverting it at every turn.
fresh	Prepare for one of the most fun nights you're destined to have at the movies this year.
fresh	The film never entirely figures out what it wants to do with the myth of the superspy, but at least it has fun along the way.
fresh	A gonzo-fun take-off on old-school super-spy yarns. Smashing!
rotten	I will say this: "Kingsman" has some nerve, however misguided.
fresh	Will make you forget all about that stuffy James Bond flick coming later this year.
rotten	Director Matthew Vaughn's latest film, Kingsman: The Secret Service, is an attempt at finding a balance somewhere between Austin Powers and James Bond that doesn't quite succeed.
fresh	Vaughn finds new ways to deconstruct and reconstruct the spy-thriller... blends Hong Kong action with state-of-the-art digital effects to create breathless set pieces.
rotten	Starts a little cheeky but gradually becomes the entire butt, first figuratively, then literally. (Don't ask.)
fresh	"Kingsman: The Secret Service" wears its influences on Colin Firth's immaculately tailored sleeve. It winks and nudges and points, and if you still don't get it, it spells them out.
fresh	Slick entertainment, provided the viewer turns off whatever part of their brain is responsible for recognizing and parsing subtext.
fresh	A cleverly constructed homage to the Bond pictures, particularly the early ones starring Sean Connery, before everything got so deadly serious in the Daniel Craig era.
rotten	Kingsman feels like it should be a good time, but it leaves a bitter aftertaste.
fresh	Caught between straight-up James Bond and the Austin Powers parody version, Kingsman is a high-octane combo of action and comedy that breathes surreal new life into the big-screen spy game where Bond meets Jason Bourne and Jack Bauer.
rotten	The violence flies repellently over the top, and the finale features an extended joke so insanely sexist it sends us out on a seriously sour note.
rotten	Borrows the tone, story, characters and humor of "Kick-Ass," only this time in a 007 world instead of Batman's. Nearly everything it does, it does poorly: This one is "Weak-Ass."
fresh	Kingsman is entertaining in its way and occasionally clever, but also relentlessly smug and sexist.
fresh	If you're not averse to ridiculous violence and un-PC irreverence, your money will be well spent.
rotten	Expensive, derivative and boring as mattress ticking masquerading as designer fabric ...
fresh	The crazier Matthew Vaughn's homage to James Bond becomes, the greater it is.
fresh	Pure fanboy ecstasy- a muscle-flexing spectacle of cartoon violence and cheeky attitude, which announces its cleverness at every turn.
rotten	Austin Powers without the laughs, a bloodier Bond without the sophistication, or gravitas
fresh	The secret sauce for Kingsman: The Secret Service may be just common ingredients, but it's still makes for quite a treat.
fresh	Everything in Kingsman is familiar, cribbed from James Bond and a thousand other sources, yet every setup gets twisted twice, and then once more, just when you think you're ahead of it.
fresh	When Kingsman is truly on target and proceedings appear to be gleefully spiralling out of control, the energy expended and electricity generated can take your breath away.
rotten	It's structured in familiar, safe terms, plays for very low stakes, and appeals to no one so much as white, male teenagers with chips on their shoulders.
fresh	There is an assumption that over-the-top spy movies wouldn't work in 2015. Kingsman proves they can.
rotten	[VIDEO ESSAY] Matthew Vaughn is no Quentin Tarantino.
fresh	The biggest kick in Kingsman: The Secret Service is watching 54-year-old Colin Firth, heretofore the epitome of British refinement onscreen, bust a move.
fresh	It's a movie for teenage boys if there ever was one, which is to say it's also powerfully sexless, right up to an ending that would titillate only a 14-year-old.
fresh	Countless viewers will relish the brazen zest of its invention.
fresh	A nostalgic homage to 007 that's also the most mesmerizing movie of the year thus far.
fresh	A ludicrous guilty pleasure.
fresh	If the movie weren't so dependent on the gravitas of its adult leads and so resoundingly impoverished without them, then the prospect of sequels would be enough to awaken anyone's inner teen.
fresh	Kingsman: The Secret Service takes Bond's vodka martini and adds a shot of adrenaline to the mix.
fresh	In the same way Shaun of the Dead became an almost perfect zombie movie simply by sending up the genre, Kingsman just might have done Bond better than Bond.
fresh	Joining the long, long list of James Bond spoofs comes yet one more in the well-dressed, blandly titled, way-too-long form of Kingsman: The Secret Service... Jam your brain into neutral and you should enjoy most of the over-long shenanigans here.
fresh	A beguiling mash-up of the spy movie genre with a seamless blend of action, satire and spoof, Matthew Vaughn's envelope-pushing film offers hip, lip and zip
fresh	Vaughn shoots the film with the giddiness of a 12-year-old, one who just stepped out of his very first spy movie with dreams of saving the world.
fresh	While very familiar, [the story] is also so very fun and alive in its telling that it's impossible to resist its charms.
fresh	A cheeky James Bond pastiche that fizzes with tongue-in-cheek humour and larky ultra-violence.
fresh	For the most part it's brash, boisterous fare, cocking unsubtle snooks at its generic predecessors ...
rotten	I cannot recall a film that left me with such a sour taste in my mouth by its end. Does the movie deliberately defy itself with obnoxious intent?
rotten	It is ridiculously entertaining in parts but let down by a yawn of a plot and some fairly cheap looking effects work.
fresh	To accuse the director of glorifying violence ... would be to miss the point: what fascinates him isn't strength but the porous border between righteous anger and pathology.
fresh	Gentleman spying was never so much fun.
rotten	For those weary few of us who harbour an allergy to Vaughn's deliberately obnoxious style, each movie feels like an insult - one added to a heap of computer-generated injuries.
fresh	Although it begins as a predictable 007 spoof, Kingsman: The Secret Service soon finds its own groove. Director Vaughan has a licence to thrill and does so with some exhilarating action sequences.
fresh	For the most part, it is uproarious fun.
fresh	Light-hearted, fast-moving entertainment is the name of the game, with Firth a quite excellent action hero.
fresh	There is so much going on that whenever one scene falls flat, something livelier and more effective soon follows.
rotten	Admittedly, the film has a thorough knowledge of its forebears and though it namechecks them at every opportunity, Kingsman brings very little that's new or valuable to the playing table.
rotten	[Vaughan's] latest picture, a genre mash-up that sends the Sixties-era Bond-style gentleman spy on a collision course with the supporting cast of Kidulthood, is his most gratuitous slaughterfest yet.
rotten	Though competently acted and lushly upholstered, this childish film is let down by bold-type irony: so bludgeoning that it ceases to merit the description.
rotten	It is a film forever demanding to be congratulated on how "stylish" it is.
fresh	Perhaps the riskiest mainstream movie in years, Vaughn's love letter to spy movies may be uneven in places, but it's ultra-violent, envelope-pushing, and fun enough to overcome the flaws. Bond with the stabilisers taken off.
fresh	Matthew Vaughn is the anti-national treasure British cinema has been crying out for.
fresh	Fox may have a new franchise on its hands with this witty and occasionally spectacular homage to 1970's-era James Bond adventures.
rotten	An ugly film dressed up in a cheap suit, the flaccid Kingsman is less biting, transgressive Bond tribute, and more akin to a gorier, swearier Stormbreaker.
fresh	Kingsman is an unashamedly entertaining spy movie that'd likely raise Roger Moore's eyebrow into the stratosphere.
fresh	One of the most ridiculously entertaining spy flicks since Roger Moore hung up his safari suit.
fresh	Vaughn's direction is slick and stylish throughout and he orchestrates a number of dazzlingly audacious, thrillingly violent set-pieces that are both shocking and hilarious.
fresh	An unashamedly and unrelentingly enjoyable piece makes for immensely entertaining cinema.
fresh	'Kingsman' is undoubtedly worth the ticket price. Just try not to think too much...
fresh	Kingsman is a hugely enjoyable, super-styled, ultra-violent fantasia, pushing all those starchy, toff values that underlie Bond into absurdity but then making them work all over again.
fresh	A delicious blend of streetwise savvy and old-fashioned espionage motifs.
fresh	With contempo audience's infatuation with all things superheroes and comic book movies, and the baseline treatment of humanity in such movies, Kingsman: The Secret Service arrives at just the right time.
fresh	Vaughn and his collaborators have taken a crude and disposable property and turned it into something more - a thoughtful, exciting, whip-smart spy adventure that doesn't let its smart-ass post-modernism overwhelm its playfulness or its heart.
fresh	Injecting fun and fairground thrills back into the spy movie, Kingsman is a blast. Firth is sensational, Jackson rules and newcomer Egerton surprises.
fresh	Maintains the snarkiness of Mark Millar's writing, while creating something on a much grander scale.
fresh	This movie is so alive that few will roll their eyes at the message - one that says a true gentleman's virtue comes from within, and not their accent.
fresh	Firth enters new territory with style and grace, anchoring a smart, high-energy movie that eventually runs out of steam.
fresh	Whether it's "Alex Rider," "Agent Cody Banks" or "Spy Kids," plenty have tried to adapt the 007 shtick to younger characters, with demonstrably dopey results. In the end, the reason it works for Vaughn is that he's making the film for adults.
fresh	A startlingly enjoyable and well-made action film leavened by humor and slicked along by style, made by, for, and about people who've seen far too many Bond films.
fresh	
rotten	It often feels like a whole lot of episodes strung together.
fresh	A wall-to-wall delight peppered with gags for adults, Spongebob 2 absolutely holds up to a second viewing.
fresh	Bonkers laugh... like a colourful, senses-pounding rush. The Spongebob Movie: Sponge Out Of Water offers far more craziness than David Hasselhoff could in the first film.
fresh	An animated Monty Python movie you can take the whole family to.
fresh	The live-action sequences, in which Antonio Banderas chews the pirate scenery, may not live up to the Looney Tunes madness of the cartoons, but for sheer head-scrambling craziness this is hard to beat.
rotten	The prolonged live-action sequence is great fun, but ends too quickly. It seems like a lost opportunity.
fresh	Intermittently, SpongeBob's latest feature is very funny indeed, even for non-devotees of the original series.
fresh	Sponge Out of Water has a frenetic, Looney Tunes pacing and a head-spinning, surreal story that makes you wonder whether it's aimed at children or stoners.
fresh	Absurdity abounds in this odyssey of groan-worthy punning, new ways of defying cartoon physics, epic food fights, trippy time-travel, and superhero sendups.
fresh	SpongeBob SquarePants has always been aimed much more at childish adults than actual children, and this deranged comical adventure is no exception...
fresh	Under the expert guidance of TV series writer/director Paul Tibbitt, sophisticated adult gags jostle with inspired childish silliness, each element dovetailing for increased inventiveness.
fresh	Almost every line is a zinger, which can be appreciated in a state of total sobriety: it's a non-stoner stoner film - and very funny.
fresh	The film moves like a pyjama case full of angry weasels, and finds ingenious ways to cram every scene with just one more loopy, disposable gag or slapstick thwack. It may not be the year's best animated film, but it's almost certainly the most.
fresh	There's a streak of madness running through The SpongeBob Movie: Sponge Out of Water, elevating it above the usual run-of-the-mill animated fare into something that, at its best, is inspired lunacy.
fresh	In praise of teamwork, this second SpongeBob movie in 3D with its combo of adorable animated characters and integrated live action is bright, amusing, clever, naive and hugely inventive
fresh	It's a simple premise with proven appeal, giving director Paul Tibbitt and his team freedom to construct a film where just about every element of the storytelling exists to be parodied and undermined.
fresh	What it delivers is what it promises: a battery of deliciously daft, fast-firing, self-mocking, flavour-rich gags, flung with such zest you don't mind if they're disposable.
fresh	For the most part, Sponge Out of Water provides decent-sized doses of wacky animated fun; it's packed full of hilarious one-liners, pop culture references and colourful characters that should keep both adults and kids entertained.
fresh	A film of rare ambition in family filmmaking, the obvious result of passion and care.
fresh	Psychedelic, colorful and in-your-face, you'll want to soak up the latest from Spongebob.
fresh	I never know what I want from commercial animated entertainment, but I do know that I like being able to suspect that -- by the standards of the competition -- its makers might be outlaws and lunatics.
fresh	The SpongeBob Movie: Sponge Out of Water finds a reason to come off the TV and onto the movie screen. More than fifteen years since his debut, he feels fresh once again.
rotten	Why a movie about an unassuming cartoon sponge felt compelled to adopt the register of a summer blockbuster is beyond me.
fresh	It's tough to hold a lack of narrative ambition against any 'toon so eager to lob bit after bit of psychedelic surrealism at its audience, be they wee tykes or stoned adults.
fresh	Business as usual for the irrepressibly cheerful, pineapple-dwelling sea-creature.
rotten	A nominal theme&mdash;complete with theme song&mdash;of teamwork. But really, Sponge Out of Water is about little more than fast food and ice cream, with the same promise of empty calories.
fresh	Silly, surreal and squeezable, SpongeBob scores again.
fresh	Laugh out loud funny, visually engaging, and entertaining for anyone of any age, Sponge Out of Water proves that Spongebob has plenty left in the tank and is bound to allow us to visit his pineapple under the sea for many years to come.
fresh	...a labor of love by all involved and for those that have been with the franchise since it made its first appearance on the Nickelodeon channel way back in 1999.
rotten	While the sequences outside the ocean will attract the most attention, the most endearing segments are those that keep the characters bumbling and bickering close to home.
fresh	Ask A Five-Year Old: Q: What was your favorite part? A: When SpongeBob pulled down Patrick's pants.
fresh	The SpongeBob Movie is essentially a kid-friendly stoner comedy, but also one that's clever and inspired enough to keep SpongeBob fans entertained.
fresh	This is not just a good SpongeBob movie - it is a genuinely great use of cinema as a visual medium, funny as hell and utterly random in its dream-logic
fresh	Sometimes, certain kids' movies are so flat-out weird that they eventually become cult classics for viewers who take pleasure in not being able to quite believe what they're seeing.
rotten	To the many devoted followers of SpongeBob and his underwater friends, this may come off as snobbish, or even sacrilegious, but, unlike many animated characters, I found nothing remotely funny or redeeming about these cartoon denizens.
rotten	But after a few minutes, the movie abruptly switches to full animation, and rather primitive animation, at that. You could practically hear the collective sigh of the audience.
fresh	Fun, goofy SpongeBob movie is as trippy as the show.
fresh	It's big, loud, choppy, in-your-face, and absolutely, positively glorious.
fresh	Not the most gripping narrative, but the frenetic pace and nonstop gags will please young fans.
fresh	An exercise in fun. There's no deeper meaning to it. Just a lot of nautical nonsense thrown at the map by some creative people who are still in love with their creation. (Full Content Review -- Sex, Profanity, Violence, etc. -- for Parents available)
rotten	Though some parents and older non-parents are into Sponge Bob the concept is really aimed at little ones. A 90-minute film is painful for them - and us - to squirm through.
fresh	"The SpongeBob Movie: Sponge Out of Water" remains true to the surrealism of its animated television roots. But it also tries to force a live-action element which isn't as comfortable a fit as a certain pair of symmetrical trousers.
fresh	A funny sequel too slow to get to what the entire audience wants and has been promised.
fresh	Even childless (and sober) I still had a pretty good time, and if you like silliness with a sprinkling of surrealism, you will too.
fresh	The SpongeBob Movie: Sponge Out of Water mostly nails what has always made the character, and his brightly coloured underwater world, so endearing: the abundant innocence, the welcome lack of cynicism and the out-and-out stupidity.
fresh	While less fluid and fresh than its 2004 predecessor, the new film displays enough nutty writing and sheer brio to confirm the stamina of its enduring and skillfully voiced characters.
fresh	Teamwork is the theme here, but the SpongeBob team wouldn't dream of preaching, instead pushing imaginations to their limits.
fresh	Deliriously silly story, tender-hearted and cheery.
fresh	For my part, it's the most laughs I've had at a theatre this year.
fresh	The bulk of Sponge Out of Water stays submerged, hand-drawn and Banderas-free, still delivering the coy wit, surrealism and absurdity that come hand-in-hand with SpongeBob's frivolous, childish whimsy.
fresh	All of the strangely charming cartoony undersea nonsense of SpongeBob that's delighted kids and stoners for year comes to the surface in "The SpongeBob Movie: Sponge Out of Water." Prepare to giggle.
rotten	Maybe we shouldn't have expected too much from "The SpongeBob Movie: Sponge Out of Water."
fresh	A goofy gag-filled surf-and-turf romp that will entertain adults with its ridiculous lunacy as it delights kids with colourful fun.
fresh	This animated movie isn't about anything, really, so don't look for morals or thematic undercurrents. But even at its most mundane, it's still pretty trippy.
fresh	clearly enjoys the times when it can push the boundaries of its 15 year old idea and bring a new perspective to the participants and their problems
rotten	There's something about this project that, despite checking all of the requisite plot and sensibility boxes, doesn't convey as an organic work of SpongeBob-ishness.
rotten	Even kids will smell something phony about the repeated cheers of "Teamwork!" And any grown-up who thinks the obvious puns are somehow clever or subversive has been smoking seaweed.
rotten	You can tell the script is short on punch lines by how often it resorts to poop and fart jokes, the last refuge of the desperate gag writer.
rotten	[The film] runs a reasonable-sounding 92 minutes. Yet those 92 feel like more than enough.
fresh	The film strives to be weird as often as funny. But it's such a good-natured kind of weird that the viewer can't help but succumb to this barrage of 'nautical nonsense.'
fresh	A breezy, colorful, giddily zany return trip to Bikini Bottom.
rotten	Children may be delighted, and perhaps also addled.
fresh	"The SpongeBob Movie: Sponge Out of Water" weaves a silly - and often funny - spell. It's a scrappy little B-movie that zips along rather entertainingly.
fresh	The spirit of the series remains true: cheerfully random jokes, blink-and-you'll-miss-them references and, above all, a silly, stubbornly sentimental streak that only the crabbiest cynic could dismiss.
rotten	While the outcome is intermittently funny, it's also watered-down and hyperactive.
fresh	Director Paul Tibbitt takes all of the visual humor and presents it in both sparkling traditional animation and stunning computer-generated sequences for dry land.
fresh	The story is just a pretext for sustained, rapid-fire gags, many of them hysterical, that range from movie parodies to Gary Larson-worthy flights of cartoon weirdness.
fresh	It's amiable goofiness, delivered at an emphatic, feverish pitch.
fresh	The plot is straightforward, predictable and slight, no more intricate a plot than a 15-minute TV episode would have. It's the freewheeling madness of its execution that makes the movie such a trip - as in acid trip.
rotten	Nothing new or exciting for Spongebob fans. It's even more painful if you're not a fan.
fresh	There's no heartfelt, overarching message here-even teamwork, as much as it's mentioned, doesn't seem to stick with anyone-but that doesn't detract from the fun.
fresh	This megadose of Spongeyness is laugh-out-loud funny. A lot.
fresh	It's consistent fun, with the franchise showing little sign of fatigue. Perhaps a hesitance to sequelize is present, but once the film gets rolling, it's hard to recall the decade-long distance since the last animated extravaganza.
fresh	Ultimately, for the show's fans, it may not matter if "Sponge Out of Water" shows a hint of mildew.
fresh	If you like the yellow guy on TV, you should have a good, squishy time here, too.
rotten	Although moments of playful wit abound throughout, Sponge Out of Water is often so nosily frenetic, it verges on being assaultive.
fresh	['SpongeBob'] really is the 'Three Stooges' of the modern day (albeit less violent and with more good vibes), where the jokes don't have to be great (and especially don't have to be sophisticated) but just have to keep coming.
fresh	Not remotely original, but loopy and small-fry friendly.
fresh	Its dedication to the transgressive power of frivolity remains the franchise's greatest weapon.
fresh	It may not be be the smartest animated flick out there, but with all the wildly weird happenings, and impressive 3D effects being flung out at you, it is absolutely entertaining. Simply put, SpongeBob rocks!
rotten	Eight-year-old me probably would have found SpongeBob's antics vastly more entertaining, but alas, I now need my seagull poop jokes coupled with something more substantial.
fresh	This is primarily an exercise in hyperactivity meant to spark glee in kids and draw chuckles from adults. The effect is admittedly ephemeral, yet while the film is running it is altogether effective.
rotten	While it has plenty of zany moments, SpongeBob's second feature outing proves less absorbing than the first.
fresh	Preserves the sweet, surreal charm of the long-running Nickelodeon cartoon series and adds a bit of novelty by mixing some 3D live action in with its 3D animation.
fresh	At times there's a genuine sense of daring to the film's freewheeling anarchy, its refusal to stick to a central theme or impart any sort of lesson.
fresh	You certainly don't have to be a fan of the show to find yourself enchanted by the goofball humor.
fresh	
fresh	The film bogs down in its contrived narrative framework about a journey of self-discovery, but succeeds more on a character level. Much of the credit goes to the talented ensemble.
fresh	Cast elevates sometimes-edgy story about musician.
fresh	Bright dialogue and great chemistry between Al Pacino and the rest of the cast raise this fairly predictable comedy-drama to very enjoyable entertainment.
fresh	Pacino dials the hoo-ah down, letting his smile and charisma do the heavy lifting. Naturally, it doesn't hurt that all the feeling and healing are accompanied by a soundtrack of Lennon songs.
fresh	Danny Collins has the makings of something terrific, but it doesn't quite reach the heights to which it aspires. It's a catchy and effective film, but one that I fear won't quite make the greatest hits list for Mr. Pacino's remarkable career.
fresh	Al Pacino delivers his best performance in years...it's engaging, captivating entertainment.
fresh	It's become something of a snarky joke about emotionally manipulative entertainment, but when you can honestly say "I laughed, I cried," somebody's doing something right.
rotten	While the cast keep the melodrama limited to a human scale, the screenplay isn't above manipulating us with a cute granddaughter suffering from a learning disability.
fresh	Pacino sinks his gleaming teeth into the role of Danny with a gusto that's charming and infectious.
fresh	Like its title character, the comedy-drama Danny Collins is a movie that starts out overbearing and over-the-top, but slowly grows on you with its quieter charms.
fresh	There's nothing resembling a surprise in this movie, but its simple tune works due to the quality of the performances.
fresh	One of the things that partly excuses the movie's mush is that it's a kind of musical.
fresh	Danny Collins is the cinematic equivalent of a well-sung easy rock tune, enjoyably light and bouncy, with some darker notes hidden within the chords.
fresh	[A] kindly parable from writer and first-time director Dan Fogelman.
fresh	Every scene is played with such authenticity and sincerity that it almost makes you forget the story itself is fiction.
fresh	Pacino's chemistry with Cannavale and Annette Bening overrides the plot contrivances, and he communicates more about his character by just sitting silently next to Cannavale than any long speeches could.
fresh	The superb actors cut through the cliches.
fresh	For his directorial debut, Fogelman puts all the right people together, and what's more, gets a performance out of Pacino that's one of his best-ever comic turns.
fresh	Pacino's exuberance rescues Dan Fogelman's directing debut from the schematic snares in Fogelman's script.
fresh	It's never dull to watch pros like Pacino, Bening, Plummer, Garner and Cannavale interact - this is dream casting - and the film makes the most of that, along with a pleasingly comprehensive Lennon soundtrack.
fresh	A completely charming comedy-drama. Al Pacino is mesmerizing as always, and Bobby Cannavale is the standout in an excellent supporting cast.
fresh	This is a hugely entertaining, mainstream crowd-pleaser about how we can all try to be our better selves, fail spectacularly, then pick ourselves up and try again.
fresh	Scent of a Woman with sight. Playing the last hoo-rah of a fading '70s rock star, Pacino burns the screen as he hasn't in years, not like a flamethrower but the softer heat of a lighter lifted at a concert.
rotten	A committed Pacino and a crack supporting cast can't save a maudlin story about a rock star trying to connect with his estranged son and his better nature.
fresh	Comedy, pathos, and some schmaltzy couplets about the changing seasons follow forthwith.
fresh	Like its hero, the movie is flawed, but hard to resist.
rotten	You might be forgiven for mistaking the film for an extended Holiday Inn commercial.
fresh	The lesson of this likable little movie is that it's never too late to reclaim your integrity.
fresh	Imagine.
fresh	Danny Collins is slightly slight, but it's so competent and sure of itself that it's impossible to dislike. We have entered a new era of Al Pacino.
fresh	Maybe the closest Pacino will ever get to playing himself.
fresh	There's a kind of modest American comedy that's so keenly done that you don't bother resisting. All the details feel exactly right for that particular story and those characters. It just works. Right away, you can tell that Danny Collins is working.
rotten	The film remains a basic case of a cliched story undermining strong performances.
fresh	Danny Collins isn't what it could have been but at very least the actors are terrific and some of the dialogue has a welcome, tart edge.
fresh	Legendary as Al Pacino's skills are, he wouldn't be the first actor I'd cast to play a 70ish pop star who still fills mid-sized arenas some 40 years after he last charted a hit single. Yet Al Pacino sells the heck out of his performance as Danny Collins.
fresh	What Fogelman doesn't quite achieve as screenwriter at the start of the film he makes up for in his directorial debut. He supports wonderfully the affable allure of his attuned cast.
fresh	Al Pacino seems miscast in this piece of showbiz hokum, but he uses his own personal energy to make the role seem alive and likable.
fresh	Danny Collins wisely and surprisingly finds a middle ground for Danny's transformation.
fresh	So shameless is this movie's urge to batter you into laughter and tears that you give in, exhausted and maybe even a little grateful.
rotten	How bad could a movie be that features talent as serious as Al Pacino, Annette Bening, Christopher Plummer, Bobby Cannavale and Jennifer Garner? This bad, alas.
fresh	There's a nice fluidity and freedom to writer-director Dan Fogelman's storytelling, so things never become predictable.
fresh	While Fogelman's script is extremely calculated and heavy-handed, the cast's nimble execution turns it into an agreeeable way to pass the time.
fresh	You can guess where things are leading, but only to a point. Fogelman tosses in some mild surprises along the way, some more effective than others.
fresh	"Danny Collins," like its central character, has a good heart, and sometimes that's enough.
fresh	There's a delayed-secret hitch in the narrative that hijacks the movie, for better or worse. You don't have to believe any of it to enjoy a lot of it, however.
fresh	While Pacino isn't exactly the most convincing rocker, he's dialed down his propensity to play to the rafters in a performance grounded in humility yet still entertainingly energetic.
fresh	Al Pacino shows a new side of himself - rock star - in Danny Collins and that's something to sing about. He pulls it off and is backed by a terrific cast in this smart and entertainment movie for grownups.
fresh	Dan Fogelman has proven to be an effective scripter and shows maturity in his first time at the helm.
fresh	I love those tunes and could hear them all day; but too often "Danny Collins" commits the sin the star is trying to avoid: relying on someone else's music to get it's point across.
fresh	We know this movie is going to try to pull out our heartstrings, but "Danny Collins" manages to take few unexpected turns, and it makes us want to join it for the entire trip.
rotten	The movie becomes, perhaps inadvertently, a celebration of selling out.
fresh	This likable movie rises or falls on Al Pacino's ability to convince us that he's an aging pop star... and he does.
fresh	Danny Collins' internal crisis, his yearning to make up for the past, is palpably conveyed by the sadness Al Pacino applies behind the extroverted mask.
fresh	An appealing comedy with an unabashed streak of melodrama, sharp dialogue, and a superb ensemble cast, anchored by a lead performance by Al Pacino in lovable scamp mode.
fresh	Like the title character, Pacino has found it's never too late to begin anew, and hopefully audiences eager to see him at his best will give Danny Collins a chance.
rotten	Writer-director Dan Fogelman seems as torn as Danny is between his artistic impulses and his hard-wired attraction to bland, audience-friendly material.
fresh	Danny Collins has no intention of breaking new ground. But Pacino and a top cast make it mean something.
fresh	That's what movies are for - to let us see Danny overcome his son's efforts not to give in, all to the tune of some of Lennon's most moving songs.
rotten	[A] shameless piece of boomer bait, which peddles the highly questionable notion that it's never too late to get back to where you once belonged.
fresh	Al Pacino as a jaded, aging rocker re-juiced by a road trip to settle accounts with himself and his long-lost family? By all means roll your eyes - the star has one brow goofily raised himself - but don't give up on Danny Collins.
fresh	A redemption story doesn't always need to show the blood. Danny Collins gets the point across without pretention. Its closing scene, alone, is worth the price of admission.
fresh	Before the action comes a cheerfully coy announcement: "The following is based on a kind of true story a little bit." In fact, the story is not only true, but proves to be a kind of swell idea for a fiction film.
fresh	Though occasionally contrived, in its more low-key, honest moments, Danny Collins rings out with emotional resonance.
rotten	I can imagine a lot of good movies developing from this premise, but as fictionalized by screenwriter Dan Fogelman, it becomes yet another soggy tale of father-son healing.
rotten	If Danny Collins the film did a little more getting down to earth, and a little less hamhandedly reminding you that that's what it was trying to do, it'd really be something to sing about.
fresh	This uneven but ultimately sweet comedy-drama takes full advantage of Pacino's larger-than-life persona (think "Glengarry Glen Ross," "Donnie Brasco," "The Insider") and his ability to add in lovely grace notes.
fresh	A redemption movie in the skeptical key of Jerry Maguire with dozens of small, perfect moments
rotten	When [Annette Bening and Al Pacino] are on screen the film momentarily doesn't seem like a chore.
fresh	The directorial debut of Dan Fogelman, writer of Crazy, Stupid, Love and Last Vegas, the movie combines the compulsive sub-plotting of the former with the retirement-age asides of the latter.
fresh	The best aspect of the film is the music. Both Ryan Adams and Theodore Shapiro deliver a sweet sounding score, as well as a couple of nice tracks.
fresh	Danny Collins breaks away from its Lifetime movie trappings thanks to the way it toys with cliches and a number of touching performances from a cast led by a superb Al Pacino.
rotten	Danny Collins is nothing to write home about, but it kept me entertained without too much guilt, and I didn't wince.
rotten	How could a movie about rock be this tone-deaf? Or this fundamentally false?
rotten	If there's a real person beneath Danny's over-the-top showbiz-lifer persona, Pacino never finds him.
rotten	"Danny Collins'' is certainly watchable, but don't go expecting much in the way of surprises.
fresh	You think you know where this is going, but it's a pleasure to see Dan Fogelman slow down the flow for his two erstwhile Ricky Romas, kicking around life's harsh turns with tenderness.
fresh	The chemistry between Pacino and his cast mates gives this lightly amusing contrivance surprising emotional resonance.
fresh	Will attract Pacino's regular fans and the soap opera crowd as well.
fresh	A cast of old pros (Christopher Plummer, Annette Bening, Bobby Cannavale, Jennifer Garner) and a touching final scene elevate the material just enough to redeem it.
rotten	The symbolism of Danny's self-destruction is so blatant it's aesthetically offensive. The last scene can't even help telegraphing the final minute of the movie, and it has to completely invent something brand new to pull it off.
rotten	The top-notch cast makes this Bleecker Street release almost tolerable, but the spectacle of a dissolute hedonist suddenly acquiring a heart and a conscience late in life is shamelessly, and shamefully, contrived in its emotional trajectory.
fresh	A familiar late-in-life redemption narrative, made surprisingly palatable by Pacino's winning comic bravado, a superb supporting cast, and currents of real feeling that cut through the expected bromides about the emptiness of fortune and fame.
rotten	A sad case of wasted potential.
fresh	For anyone who likes intense drama & great performances
rotten	Drama is well-acted but more political than religious.
rotten	The cinematic equivalent of a Jehovah's Witness who won't take 'no' for an answer getting his foot stuck in your door.
rotten	A deranged melodrama where any sense of soapy, campy fun is undercut by the preachy, self-serious tone.
fresh	Is aimed at a targeted audience of believers and fully satisfies them.
rotten	It's the same old false shuffle dealt from the same old stacked deck.
rotten	"Do you believe?" No.
rotten	A self-aggrandizing sermon that preaches only to the faithful.
rotten	Wherever you fall on the spectrum of spirituality, the only answer to "Do You Believe?" is "No."
rotten	I can't quite sign off on this one because ... well ... the film is really, REALLY hard to trudge through for about an hour and 45 minutes to get to the big climax. (Full Content Review -- listing Violence, etc. -- for Parents also available)
rotten	For most people it will stir a longing for the days when God had a better writing staff: Matthew, Mark, Luke and John.
rotten	While the message is nice, the screenplay feels like it was written by a third grade Sunday school class.
rotten	As I see more "faith-based" films targeting the evangelical Christian market, I recognise I need to adjust my critical expectations a tad. If it has a coherent three-act narrative, it's already way ahead of the game.
rotten	More professionally produced and acted than the indiegelical norm, but only fitfully engaging on a dramatic level and entirely hermetic on a theological one.
rotten	Subtle as a sledgehammer to the toes and only slightly more entertaining ...
fresh	Juggling so many story lines is a major task, but director Jonathan M. Gunn manages to service all the stories while holding true to the movie's main message.
fresh	Even if the talky result can be frustrating with its deliberate pace, at least it makes for a gorgeous European travelogue.
fresh	Superlative performances are the reason to watch this engrossing, occasionally self-indulgent film that explores the female psyche and responses to age, self-image and changing times within the acting world
fresh	Remarkable and richly layered film examining the thin line between art and life, about change, aging, death and identity, built on splendid performances by Juliette Binoche and Kristen Stewart
fresh	Clouds of Sils Maria is perfectly enigmatic with exceptionally passionate performances from Juliette Binoche and Kristen Stewart.
fresh	I hereby abandon all pretense: There's no way I'll be able to dig deeply enough into everything that's going on here until I see it at least two more times.
fresh	It meditates long and hard on questions of age, sincerity, celebrity and love, piling irony on irony. And it features a remarkably natural performance by Kristen Stewart that's so unastounding it's astounding.
rotten	Examines the woes of an aging actress
fresh	The nuances of the women's interactions are a splendid thing to observe, and the beauty of these layered conversations makes the general absence of women's unmitigated voices in film more keenly felt than ever.
fresh	Binoche, on whom the camera affectionately lingers, makes herself achingly vulnerable. Though the film feels at times a bit cloudy and enigmatic, it's often fascinating in its juxtapositions.
rotten	Brilliant performances aside, "Clouds of Sils Maria" is overlong and much too self-indulgently an "art film." It might have benefited from being just a bit more grounded.
fresh	What you might not expect is how grounded and strong Stewart's performance is - not words often used to describe her as Bella in the Twilight movies.
fresh	I trust Assayas. After watching Clouds of Sils Maria twice, and taking greater pleasure in it the second time, I'm willing to entertain the possibility that the pomposities he's laid onto the movie might be a warning, to himself as much as the audience.
fresh	Another enigmatic Assayas portrait of women.
rotten	Essentially three different films, and each one in order is a little bit less interesting.
fresh	The clouds could be seen as writer-director Oliver Assayas' metaphor for time, a relentless present that rolls in and wipes away any trace of what was there before.
fresh	Clouds of Sils Maria is fiendishly wise to the ways of show business, particularly the boxes in which it places women. But the film offers more than that.
fresh	The big surprise is Stewart, who gives her most grounded performance to date. With her role in this film, she became the first American actress to win a Cesar Award.
fresh	The real star turns out to be the play itself: the early masterpiece of a now-deceased writer, a work of such mirrorlike perfection that it reveals entirely different things to different people.
fresh	It's winding, and it sure takes time and patience, and it's not all that clearly marked. But by the end, you're left with quite a view.
fresh	A probing, illuminating rumination on art versus life, present versus past, and youth versus maturity, all craftily combined to invite reflection as well as admiration.
fresh	Playful and provocative, it's a dazzler.
fresh	Astounding performances by Binoche and Stewart, in a film that keeps the viewer constantly off-balance.
fresh	Clouds of Sils Maria invites those willing to wander through the minutiae of the obsessive celebrity artist, and that may well be a barrier to entry for those who might land outside that classification.
rotten	In the end, there's a sense that director Olivier Assayas is more concerned about making a point than telling a story.
fresh	"Clouds of Sils Maria" is such a gorgeous movie --- I could sit through it again and again.
fresh	A beautifully filmed, marvelously acted and totally dialogue-driven movie --- propelled by superlative performances from its three female stars, it is rich with intense characterizations that most movies don't touch.
fresh	Stewart's blazing, blunt, pitch-perfect performance in this film serves as a reminder she's actually one of the best actresses of her generation.
fresh	A shining salute to actresses.
fresh	Thoughful film about aging actress has swearing, racy parts.
fresh	Clouds of Sils Maria provides three very good roles for three interesting women, each without spacesuits or superpowers.
rotten	Every layer and point of self-reference serves as a reminder that it's upon the audience to discern significance from the material.
fresh	One watches at a politely admiring, oddly removed distance. The film, exquisitely performed by Binoche, Stewart and Moretz, remains chilly in spite of its showbiz intimacy, which may be the point all along.
fresh	Hugely affecting - and reflective and witty ...
fresh	In addition to the tremendous acting, Assayas's direction has a novel feel, with clever fade-outs reminiscent of theater, which happen just when some bit of action is about to take place. But there are also some curious decisions.
fresh	The film glides and snakes along its path, a path we have trod before in so many other films and plays. But often it's not where you go but how you go that matters.
fresh	There's also something of Joseph Mankiewicz in Assayas' taut, gnomic gab, with professional status and personal moment indicated in snappish, contemporary dialogue.
fresh	A meditation on fame, acting, aging, and acceptance, "Clouds" is a multilayered rapture on the subject of woman, performing. Not only does the film demand repeat viewings, it rewards them.
fresh	Director Olivier Assayas is one step ahead of the audience the whole time.
fresh	Stewart's relaxation in front of the camera is something to marvel at. She is always present in the moment and seems unable to fake a scene.
fresh	Kristen Stewart, in what might be her best performance to date, entirely holds her own with Oscar-winner Juliette Binoche.
fresh	Assayas writes/directs this film in his typical cerebral style. Every scene is deliberate, every action premeditated, and every visual reference requires further examination.
fresh	Stewart is here as marvelous as only a natural movie star can be: she's "real" yet heightened, and there's nothing narcissistic about her intensity.
fresh	One of the film's delights-it is more than a mere in-joke-arises from seeing Kristen Stewart inspecting her own predicament, as it were, from the outside.
fresh	Sophisticated, profound, tender and well-acted. It's far better than the overrated Birdman.
fresh	Binoche is grappling with big themes here that must cut close to the bone -- about the process of art and reticence about aging.
fresh	...there is a lot of talk, but there is tension throughout that Assayas handles well enough, thanks in large part, to Stewart's exceptional performance...it might be a chick flick, but it's a good one. It might not be for everyone, but I liked it.
fresh	Few contemporary filmmakers can touch Assayas as a storyteller - even his most enigmatic moments here will inspire lively post-screening conversations - or as a director of actors.
fresh	Assayas knows how to create an embracing sense of intimacy among his players, and this shows itself to best advantage in the many scenes between Maria and Val.
fresh	The movie, which Olivier Assayas wrote and directed, is a world of wonders, most of them cerebrally twisty and emotionally hallucinogenic.
fresh	Clouds of Sils Maria doesn't set up a facile high/low contrast or suggest our mediated age is killing Real Art. It does, however, suggest that it's real work to stay in the game as you age, whether that game is the stage or the office.
fresh	"Clouds of Sils Maria" is oodles more poetic and enigmatic than the term "backstage drama" generally encompasses.
fresh	...one of the truly great films about acting, "All About Eve" refracted through the lens of Bergman's "Persona," squared.
fresh	Hardly obvious but awfully careful, the feature plays an unexpectedly straightforward game of hesitancy, allowing lead Juliette Binoche the freedom to attack the role with startling vulnerability.
fresh	Olivier Assayas always makes heady, clever films, and Clouds of Sils Maria is no exception.
fresh	The three women in "Clouds of Sils Maria" love, talk and move, move, move, sharing lives, trading roles and performing parts. The lives they lead are messy and indeterminate, but each woman's life belongs to her.
fresh	As stirring as Binoche is as Maria, Stewart is breathtaking as Valentine. Assayas uses the issues he parses in "Sils" to zero in on a personal-professional minefield that Stewart has navigated as well.
fresh	It's a story about an aging actress' angst-filled full-circle self-realization, one that doubles as a dissection of globe-consuming pop culture even though it's mostly set in an isolated locale high up in the Alps.
fresh	Like aging, the mystery feels both frustrating and inevitable.
fresh	another subtext-laden drama from Olivier Assayas
rotten	Like the Alps it's set in, "Clouds of Sils Maria" just goes on and on. Except in its case, there are more valleys than peaks.
fresh	It's about all women, and the conflicting dual roles they are expected to play in life, more so than men: nurturer/fighter, mother/lover, submissive/dominant and so on.
fresh	A work of many moving parts, one to take apart and put back together again repeatedly.
rotten	Style, ambition and even title cloud the confusion at its heart.
fresh	Don't get hung up on metaphors. Enjoy the virtuoso acting of Binoche and Stewart, and the strange and beautiful artwork Assayas has made of them pinballing around the notion of what it means to be a woman under a microscope.
rotten	"Clouds Of Sils Maria" swirls with provocative ideas, but they're talked about more than dramatized ...
fresh	Kristen Stewart is allowed to make the most of her slightly bored, slightly agitated alto, rattling off a neverending stream of job offers and plans with cucumber cool.
fresh	This is the film that fulfills whatever promise Kristen Stewart has shown for more than a decade.
fresh	It's slight and enjoyable, but falters a bit as it strains for profundity.
fresh	A haunting look at the anxieties of a profession where blurring the line between fantasy and reality is both part of the job description and a vocational hazard.
fresh	A film of countless earthly pleasures, chief among them the faces of three very different but fascinating actresses: Juliette Binoche, Kristen Stewart, and Chloe Grace Moretz.
fresh	Binoche and Stewart inhabit their characters' complicated friendship, whether they're doing the nuts-and-bolts, behind-the-scenes business of managing a career or getting drunk at a small casino.
rotten	A backstage drama that has all the sizzle of a glass of water resting on the windowsill, Olivier Assayas' "Clouds of Sils Maria" mistakes lack of dramatic imagination for smoldering subtlety.
fresh	A heady psychosexual drama that's steeped in dense anxieties and rich European glamour (the film was partially funded by Chanel), Olivier Assayas's latest finds the French auteur at the very top of his game.
fresh	Highly theatrical and diverting vehicle for a better-than-ever Juliette Binoche.
fresh	Sils Maria is a dazzling hall of mirrors, and behind each warped reflection stands Assayas, ready with a cocktail and a conversational icebreaker.
fresh	It's a great meta-commentary on contemporary moviemaking, with Assayas making keen observations about celebrity, blockbusters, gossip culture, and the next generation of actresses.
fresh	The movie moves as slowly as the oncoming fog, but Juliette Binoche is always a pleasure to watch ...
fresh	As you're watching, Clouds of Sils Maria feels looser and sketchier than most of Assayas's other movies; only afterward do you look back and realize how many intricate layers he's packed into it.
fresh	One of Kristen Stewart's best performances.
fresh	The result is not just an examination of showbiz for aging actress versus emerging starlets, but a treatise on how we examine and judge the fictional choices of fictional characters as opposed to the choices we make in so-called reality.
fresh	Any doubts about Kristen Stewart's true acting potential are extinguished thanks to her surprisingly nuanced and mesmerizng performance in Clouds of Sils Maria.
fresh	Explores uneven relationships and rivalries in a manner seldom seen onscreen.
fresh	"Clouds of Sils Maria" is like "All About Eve," only with Kristen Stewart and Chloe Grace Moretz as dual-threat schemers on poor Juliette Binoche.
fresh	[Assayas] comes up with three fascinating and richly detailed women here. As a bonus, he frames them in a setting of breathtaking beauty and stimulating intelligence.
fresh	A great example of a story that indicates the relationships between actors and the people they portray.
fresh	What will come as a surprise to many of her detractors is how easily Stewart holds her own opposite Binoche.
fresh	Stewart became the first American female actor ever to win a Cesar (France's answer to the Oscars) for her performance. It's deserved. She's a revelation, reminding us that her talent has been eclipsed by Twilight for far too long.
fresh	This recalls Ingmar Bergman's chamber dramas in the intensity and psychological complexity of the central relationship, yet the filmmaking is breathtakingly fluid, evoking a sense of romantic abandon.
fresh	Binoche gives possibly the most naturalistic performance of any actor I've seen at this year's festival, balancing her character's serious anxieties with a healthy sense of the absurd.
fresh	An alluring film about the mysteries of human nature as conveyed in the interactions of three women.
fresh	Clouds of Sils Maria finds plenty of fertile terrain in what should be well-trod turf.
fresh	A searing satire of an antiseptic Hollywood system, a meta-commentary on "Celebrity" culture, a melancholic evocation on the impermanence of youth, a pensive portrait of clandestine love ...
fresh	It's a genuine pleasure watching these two talented actresses engage on everything from boy troubles to the aesthetic considerations of superhero movies.
rotten	Even with excellent performances, Clouds of Sils Maria is overlong and obvious, reiterating tired points about acting, aging and identity without moving anywhere new thematically.
fresh	The pleasure in watching the film becomes a linguistic one as Juliette Binoche and Kristen Stewart masterfully sharpen their words and hurl them at each other like projectiles out of a blowpipe.
fresh	The director has written a rich role of a reluctant and ruefully wise observer of time. Cue the score for Der Rosenkavalier ... Travel + Leisure meets Inside the Actors Studio.
rotten	...'Sils Maria' threads through the peaks and valleys of weighty, interesting topics, but makes no lasting impression on them, insubstantial as a cloud.
fresh	A playful and captivating hybrid of Ingmar Bergman's Persona, Joseph Mankiewicz's All About Eve, and quintessentially Assayas-esque meta-mischief.
fresh	If there was ever a reminder needed of Juliette Binoche's great and enduring talent, Assayas delivers it here.
fresh	Slyly, Assayas stages the film with an intentional staginess: even natural conversations have the ring of written dialogue, and he ends every scene with a theatrical fade to black. This is a complex, bewitching and melancholy drama ...
fresh	A multi-layered, femme-driven meta-fiction that pushes all involved - including next-gen starlets Kristen Stewart and Chloe Grace Moretz - to new heights.
fresh	Assayas is a master of fluent, even sinuous, film-making.
fresh	An engaging, if rarefied inside look at the private world of a star.
fresh	The film gives us All About Eve without the bite, and Bergman's Persona without the anguish. But it compensates with a warmth, compassion and authority of its own.
fresh	Ms. Stewart [in] the best role of her life
fresh	Cleverly written and expertly acted, "The Second Best Exotic Marigold Hotel" is a welcome, sunny treat during these final weeks of winter.
fresh	There's plenty of chemistry among the superb veteran cast.
fresh	If this film poses any questions that aren't simply redundant at this point, it's the film's frank look at age and the abrasive acknowledgement of time...
rotten	It is harmless and there are a still a few chuckles to be found in this light, bubbly confection of a film - perfect for lazy Sunday afternoon viewing.
rotten	There is way too much going on. Parallel stories for all of these characters mean most all of them aren't fully developed.
rotten	Judi Dench and Maggie Smith are the best excuses to see the second best film of the pair
fresh	The elder actors are, of course, perfect. They never overplay the comedy or the drama, and this reserve works in counterpoint to Dev Patel's high-energy patter.
fresh	The audience for whom this sequel is targeted will enjoy the predictability of a well-executed sequel.
fresh	Satisfyingly soapy sequel, culminating in a gloriously pseudo-Bollywood dance spectacle....
rotten	The whole movie is caught somewhere between apology and entitlement.
fresh	Mostly it's a chance to hear some saucy senior citizens trade barbs, with the delightful dames, Dench and Smith, making the most of it.
rotten	...a sweet and often funny movie populated by likable actors who know their business.
fresh	Not up to the original and probably doesn't need to exist at all, but this follow-up is certainly a fine way to spend a couple of hours with our old friends from the first movie.
rotten	While no doubt determined to make a sequel worthy of the original, the makers of this movie ended up with a film that comes in second best by a long shot. It achieves mediocrity only because of the talent of the actors carried over from the original film.
fresh	Shows little strain in maintaining its cute factor, thanks to the drily winning personalities of the likes of Smith, Dench, Nighy, and the comic ebullience of Patel.
rotten	It's almost guaranteed to make undemanding fans of the first smile, but it is overall an empty experience.
rotten	...the ugly attitude within The Second Best Exotic Marigold Hotel is well-deserving of some humbling, especially as it strives to put people in their place, and not in a guest management way.
rotten	The new film affirms the idea that the hotel is a sort of pre-heaven heaven, an autumnal "opportunity for life and for passing on the value of that life to others."
fresh	A pleasant, if predictable, romantic romp laced with far more mirth than sophistication or substance.
fresh	Often motivated by financial greed, many sequels satiate businesspeople while disappointing moviegoers. But "The Second Best Exotic Marigold Hotel" manages to buck the often-botched sequel trend with yet another naturally charming film.
rotten	The filmmakers can't be faulted for a sequel, but they can be blamed for saddling their stunning cast with this half-baked, 80's sitcom-level, shell of a script. No one will be visiting The Third Best Exotic Marigold Hotel without some real renovations.
fresh	Crass, strident and over-done, second-rate second best.
fresh	As far as sequels go this second-go-round for what sounded like a one-shot deal is actually a nice step up from the delights of the first film.
rotten	Despite good stuff, the movie sputters, drags, and lurches from episode to episode, juggling way too many characters and plot complications without having much reason for existing.
fresh	Whether or not it succeeds will depend on how individual viewers weigh the movie's narrative flaws against the profound appeal of its stars and setting. For my part, it was a reminder that sometimes second best is good enough.
fresh	The film bests its predecessor, although, to be sure, the difference is slender.
rotten	Definitely second best, and not in a good way.
fresh	Like the Best Exotic Marigold Hotel itself, the novelty of the concept is a bit worse for wear, and this second go-round lacks the urgency of the first film.
fresh	Chances are, if you liked The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel, you'll like the second best one as well.
fresh	There's a sweetness to the proceedings that never quite overpowers the melancholy of maturity, and a sympathy for human frailty that stops just short of suggesting that anything goes once everything starts to go.
fresh	Madden and Parker do an excellent job of weaving all the individual stories together. That, along with the rousing dance number at the end, make "The Second Best Exotic Marigold Hotel" the treat that it is.
fresh	Considering the dearth of roles for older actors, "The Second Best Exotic Marigold Hotel" is a family film suitable for the non "Fifty Shades of Grey" crowd.
rotten	The most unnecessary sequel since COCOON:THE RETURN.
fresh	Douglas's halting evolution as a reborn man and Nighy's engaging reenactment of his stammers, ardor, and honesty, are prime examples of what's right in this erratic follow-up.
fresh	Sure, it has the comfy vibe of the familiar, but it's all in feel-good fun.
rotten	The actors are again terrific, but the syrup and superficiality of the first film, too, are back in this unnecessary sequel.
fresh	As in the first film, when the going gets a little too soapy or overly maudlin, the cast of mostly old pros elevate the material with the sheer force of their collective skill.
fresh	The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel was such a worldwide sleeper hit, and its British-Indian cast so beloved, that it's no surprise that three years later they're back in Rajasthan.
fresh	That's the wonderful thing about great actors -- they can turn gush into gold.
rotten	Every storyline is more predictable than the first time out.
rotten	The Second Best Exotic Marigold Hotel caters to those who enjoyed the first film, but has otherwise completely lost what made the original film somewhat special. The humor is so unfunny that you'll be clawing your eyes out in frustration.
fresh	A bit like a second linty mint delivered from the depths of your grandmom's cardigan pocket: sweet but, really, no need.
fresh	Great cast, but sequel doesn't match original's charm.
rotten	The Second Best Exotic Marigold Hotel is exactly that - second best.
fresh	Anyone who liked the first won't be disappointed with the sequel. Added to the story and the fine acting is the eye-popping color that is so typical of Bollywood...closing with a wonderful dance involving the entire cast.
fresh	When it does what it does well, it does it really well, and once again, it has a dreamy ensemble that has the ability to rise above the material itself.
fresh	With the cast of personalities established in the previous film, the sequel is a pleasant enough meander through the boroughs of character.
rotten	Any film that can't make good use of Nighy, an actor whose shrewd intelligence shines through even in dreck like "Underworld: Rise of the Lycans," is doing something dreadfully wrong.
rotten	The same problems as the first film also re-occur, and this time they're a bit more glaring.
rotten	There's a stretched and buffoonish quality to the aptly named "The Second Best Exotic Marigold Hotel" that detracts from any sincere sentiment or wisdom the film hopes to impart.
fresh	Kudos to John Madden for doing a sequel that isn't worn out super heroes or so-so sci-fi. The movie works but is still the second best Exotic Marigold Hotel.
fresh	As was the cast the first time around, the simple presence of the cast makes it all go down fairly easy. (Full Content Review -- Sex, Profanity, Violence, etc. -- for Parents also available)
rotten	It's as sweet at the first but is too content to repeat itself. The result: a blend of amiability and aimlessness that helps it lives down to the "second best" in its title.
fresh	Maggie Smith, who is so sincere as Muriel, manages to make the film bearable as it comes to an emotional conclusion leaving you with a small, but definitely present, lump in your throat.
fresh	All manner of subplots weave their way through the film, which teems with "colorful" characters and saccharine cliches. But, like the first film, it's next to impossible not to find diversion in the company of such stalwarts as Dench and Nighy and Smith.
fresh	I'd love to see a third "Marigold" adventure. Better yet, a "Masterpiece Theater"-type TV series, where we get to spend an hour every week with the regulars at the hotel and various newcomers who stop in.
rotten	The only significant thing to discuss about the movie is how familiar it is...
fresh	Gently disrupts all of the happy endings of the first film just enough to allow for some minor misunderstandings, pointed commentary, and even happier endings.
fresh	Because I found the original movie so engaging, I enjoyed finding out what has happened, and what is to come, in the lives of these characters.
fresh	It uses the same phenomenal cast, sweet writing and beautiful appreciation of the Indian culture to create a film that may be "second best" but is still a winner.
fresh	Suffice to say, if you enjoyed the first Hotel you'll be equally taken with the second. And if you attended the first with low expectations and came back disappointed -- well, consider that a warning.
rotten	The film has only the sheer charm of its cast to get it by, and it says a lot about the actors that they nearly pull it off.
rotten	Performances from venerable thespians such as Judi Dench, Maggie Smith, and Bill Nighy are nuanced and piquant, but they are stuck in a story with too many moving parts - most of which are worn out from overuse - that never gets anywhere.
fresh	Sure, it's pat and occasionally patronizing and too adorable by half, but it's also a rare, optimistic portrait of aging that suggests it can be a productive, erotically charged time of life.
rotten	Sequels often get a bad rap for being nothing more than the same thing redone a subsequent time. In the case of The Second Best Exotic Marigold Hotel, it's a fair cop
rotten	Good on the Marigold team for creating unlikely franchise fare, and for resisting the temptation to coddle the mystique of their "exotic" setting. But any fear of cultural imperialism has been replaced with imperialism of dullness.
fresh	a big, bright mess of a movie whose cast and locales distract from its screenwriting lapses.
rotten	The storyline of the sequel ends up tying itself in knots, and the addition of a splashy, expensive-looking Bollywood musical number just underlines the lack of perspective.
fresh	If news of the sequel made you reminisce about the halcyon days of summer 2012, your hope is rewarded.
fresh	Much of this sequel is clumsy, and awfully silly, but consistently shallow it is not.
fresh	A mildly diverting trifle, notable for its stunning setting and some deft performances but crammed with too many forgettable subplots.
rotten	Overall it's the cinematic equivalent of warm oatmeal: It goes down easy, but has almost no flavor.
rotten	More of the same, but not as good...despite the attractive facade, the movie is a pretty ramshackle affair.
rotten	The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel grossed some $46 million, an impressive take for a niche-market release, so here comes the pointless sequel.
rotten	Compared to the adventurously life-affirming and death-acknowledging honesty of its heartfelt predecessor, this film literally comes in second in every regard.
rotten	Madden doesn't do much to make these characters pop and sizzle as they managed to do occasionally in the slightly grittier original.
fresh	When such consummate actors as Maggie Smith, Judi Dench, Bill Nighy and Penelope Wilton show up together in a movie, even a sequel as wobbly as this one, you'd be wise to just sit back and behold.
fresh	As with the original, Dench, Smith, Nighy and the rest of the standout senior ensemble cast are a joy to watch and the setting, gorgeously lensed by cinematographer Ben Smithard, will have more than one person staring wistfully at their suitcases ...
fresh	More of a second helping of comfort food than a challenging sequel.
rotten	Bland and familiar.
rotten	This is a movie built upon mistaken identity, preposterous misunderstandings and misplaced jealousy - the foundations of sitcom plotting. On the plus side, it's Maggie Smith doling out Estelle Getty's lines with Downton drollness.
fresh	The acting of course is first-rate, and the movie mostly preserves the original warmth and wit of the original.
rotten	Madden has stripped away the socio-economic context from the first film and turned the sequel into some kind of thinly rationed romantic comedy.
fresh	It's asked in the film, "How many new lives can we have?" The answer, it turns, is however many we want. And as long as Dench, Smith, Nighy and Imrie stick around, the same probably is true of "Marigold" movies.
fresh	While it's not as good as its predecessor, The Second Best Exotic Marigold Hotel still skates by on the delightful charm of its ensemble cast.
rotten	Madden's movie is crammed with so many characters that we never spend enough quality time with any of them for their stories to resonate. While the many attempts at poignancy feel forced and false, the effort as a whole feels like it will never end.
fresh	Watching the film you just want to relax and settle back. It's the cinematic equivalent of a warm bath.
rotten	The director, John Madden, and the screenwriter, Ol Parker, who created the first film, try to compensate for the new movie's lack of coherence and narrative momentum. But with no real story to tell, only so much can be done.
rotten	Sequel-itis: Let's take this delightful little surprise hit and try to duplicate its success without doing anything original.
rotten	The Second Best Exotic Marigold Hotel" is a movie title that reviews itself.
fresh	"Second Best" offers little you couldn't write yourself, but it does so with respectable level of craft. The appeal lies in the ensemble playing.
fresh	There's something heartening about a franchise headlined by a bunch of 60-or-older stars, none of whom were catchphrase-spouting action heroes in their youth.
fresh	This sequel's very existence is a reminder that life goes on - and stays sexy, silly, dramatic and fun - long after everyone else tells you that the best times are over.
rotten	What little edge this tale had has been rubbed right off for this stale, slow and mirthless sequel
rotten	There's nothing exotic and definitely nothing "best" about this unnecessary sequel which has a mustier smell than grandma's attic.
fresh	The title may have double meaning, but the singular rewards of this sequel are as rich as the original.
fresh	It's the kind of movie that provides a perfect answer for when your mother or grandmother calls you up and asks, "What should I go see with the girls after our weekly canasta game?"
fresh	You do enjoy yourself but you'll enjoy yourself much more with a real Indian movie.
rotten	Coasting is all there is, in the hopes that these charismatic actors can somehow make tandoori chicken salad out of a screenplay full of lazily-constructed conflicts so contrived they'd get booted out of the Two and a Half Men writer's room.
fresh	It's hard to feel too much animosity for such a warm, entirely harmless film populated by some of Britain's best.
fresh	I can see no real reason for a sequel to the delicious 2011 hit The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel. It was perfect the first time around. But the second jog around the track passes the time pleasantly enough.
rotten	Second best by a distressingly large margin, "The Second Best Exotic Marigold Hotel" is a pointless sequel to an overlong but charming little comedy that was never designed to launch a franchise.
rotten	Yes, there are good moments from a team of veteran British actors, but overall, this return visit to the 2012 gray-set rom-com is deadly dull.
fresh	A delightful visit with old friends and a chance to see how they are faring.
rotten	The cast, as expected, does what they can with the thin material-which is to say, not much.
fresh	Nighy, Dench and Smith effortlessly complicate their thin business with deep notes of regret and longing - feelings the blue-print of a screenplay could never dream of turning into words or actions.
fresh	If there is such a thing as a warm-bath movie, The Second Best Marigold Hotel defines it. Judi Dench, Maggie Smith and Bill Nighy just get better with age in a mild comedy that celebrates life to the very end.
fresh	Look, they're all doing it to hang out and talk about when Gielgud farted in the fourth act of Lear. It's a crass cash-in, but these old thespians are charming as hell, and the movie coasts breezily by on that alone, which is just enough.
fresh	If the first film felt like snuggling up with a warm blanket, this one is like sipping a comforting cup of warm tea.
fresh	If the harsh truth is that this follow-up is second best, it's still not half bad.
fresh	Like its predecessor, the film is a charming example of what great actors can do with mediocre material.
fresh	Whether by design or accident, the follow-up actually achieves a slight improvement upon the original in most of the departments that matter.
rotten	Mortality and the possibility of fresh beginnings remain at the forefront of "Second Best," but the novelty of the setup has drifted away.
fresh	[Maggie Smith's Muriel] stands out as the point-of-view emotional heart of this surprisingly poignant sequel.
fresh	The ramshackle but likable results will go down well with a cup of tea at what will doubtless be packed matinee screenings.
rotten	The sequel to a film about old age is more old age.
fresh	The actors are so assured that they supply the nuances the script neglects and give even the lamest lines a comic zing.
fresh	Fans of the first film (of which I am one) will be pleased to know Madden and his terrific ensemble cast deliver more of the same. We are talking feelgood with a capital F.
fresh	The movie delivers all of the expected elements, only more so. And who will complain about the Dames, Judi and Maggie, bowling a few good salty lines at each other?
rotten	Hang on! This is the Hotel Inspectors episode of Fawlty Towers with Gere playing the Bernard Cribbins role.
fresh	Those who enjoyed, or at least stayed awake for, the first film will be well satisfied, for product continuity has been maintained perfectly.
fresh	Full of mild pleasures.
fresh	Although The Second Best Exotic Marigold Hotel is hardly groundbreaking it offers a very welcome opportunity to renew acquaintance with the characters we met and fell in love with three years ago.
fresh	This perfectly amiable comedy sequel can never quite transcend its own Saga holiday brochure-style complacency.
rotten	As the initial joy of being reunited with the colourful assemblage of talent wanes, the audience is left with a film that discernibly lacks the nuance of its predecessor.
rotten	If The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel was the cinematic equivalent of a comforting chicken tikka masala ready meal, then its sequel has been left in the freezer too long and reheated to lukewarm.
fresh	Another irresistible swirl of heart-warming life lessons, funny valentines and intoxicating local Indian colour, this captivating sequel is not second best at all, more a worthy companion piece to the 2011 crowd-pleaser.
fresh	Though still treacly, still exasperatingly sentimental and stereotypical, this follow-up to the first Exotic Marigold Hotel turns out to be rather better.
fresh	The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel was often referred to as 'The Avengers for pensioners'. Which I suppose would make this follow-up 'Age of Ultron for pensioners'.
rotten	A return to that sunny outpost for the elderly and infirm ushers lightly diminishing returns.
fresh	This is one hotel that's not checking out anytime soon.
fresh	There's not much of a story, just a chance to spend more time with the gang of classy sexy randy oldsters. And that's just fine.
rotten	While the sequel isn't bad, it lives up to its name as Second Best.
fresh	A badly under-developed script leaves a fine cast without much to do in this sequel to the 2012 hit...
fresh	This is pure wish fulfilment for retirees, an over-the-rainbow, Monsoon Wedding fantasy to break the monotony of trips to the Co-op, endless cups of tea and Countdown in the afternoon.
fresh	Retaining the waspish asides of the first movie but able to bring much more fragility to the fore, Smith effortlessly exposes a contradictory combination of fear and bravery that many older people will find familiar.
fresh	The Second Best Exotic Marigold Hotel is a perfectly serviceable comedy for the retirement crowd, but it has a troubling undercurrent of cultural awkwardness that's too hard to ignore.
fresh	Silver fox Richard Gere is the magic card up the filmmakers' sleeve for this warm if rambling sequel.
fresh	The Second Best Exotic Marigold Hotel squeaks through on its positivity and humour, with its sharp wit and trite wisdom delivered by a cast who could give a party political broadcast integrity and emotional impact.
rotten	While it's agreeable to spend another interlude with the characters we met four years ago in the first film, this second chapter is too slight, too laboured and too long to warrant as much attention
fresh	While not without its charms, Marigold 2 is a pretty naked cash-in.
fresh	The Second Best Exotic Hotel barely skates by on the strength of its older cast members, which of course is "the reason for the season" anyway.
fresh	This is undemanding, misty-eyed stuff; carried through by its seasoned, thoroughbred performers.
fresh	In the first film, India was effectively a brightly coloured obstacle course for the characters to blunder through. This time, we get to see it as the prize.
rotten	Fans of the original movie may be more forgiving of the weak storytelling and the awkward performances that make up this lackluster sequel.
fresh	A film that is reassuringly watchable, easy on the eye and does have more than a few moments to make you smile and laugh.
rotten	Honestly titled if nothing else, The Second Best Exotic Marigold Hotel is a sluggish also-ran compared to its predecessor, 2011's retirement-themed comedy-drama The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel.
fresh	For a film conceived without any chance of a sequel in mind, "The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel" actually lends itself surprisingly well to being extended ...
fresh	... more concerned with the psychology of horror than the blood and guts, as the film preys on common fears and paranoia without turning manipulative or sacrificing tension.
fresh	Earns its place on the list of classic horrors by honouring what came before while staking out bold new ground.
fresh	The film has style, has panache, and a strong vision ... It uses Detroit beautifully, evoking chilling foreboding from rows of deserted houses shot from the car's POV in an autumnal dread.
fresh	In It Follows, sexual activity has metaphysical implications.
fresh	The fright film du jour succeeds as both cautionary teen allegory and unnerving blend of 'Blue Velvet' and the underground 'Deadgirl' ... an instant cult classic!
fresh	Even on its own kooky, spooky terms there are lapses in plausibility here that even the most forgiving horror fan will spot, but they are more than compensated by the film's sheer number of quality shocks.
fresh	Conceived in a way that allows these cliches to be subverted, transforming... safe havens into being more dangerous and terrifying than any of the tropes themselves.
fresh	Last year it was The Babadook, but 2015's must-see horror film is this chic American indie.
fresh	While I didn't find myself particularly frightened by the film as many have suggested, I marveled at the gorgeous cinematography, retro score, and use of location.
fresh	That ceaseless slow march will likely become 2015's scariest image.
fresh	Ultimately, rather than sex, what seems threatening here is impending adulthood in all its dimensions, and in its floaty, insubstantial way, It Follows catches some of the mingled excitement and terror of growing up.
fresh	It's brilliant.
fresh	It Follows is well worth a look and if you go in not expecting the second coming of horror, you'll likely have a good time with this unique, slowburn supernatural fable.
fresh	The setting is contemporary crumbling Detroit, yet there's a strong '70s and '80s vibe, with some dreamy visuals (above ground swimming pools, cherry red bitten-down fingernails) and a creepy electro synth score by Disasterpeace.
fresh	A kind of art-house horror movie, an allegory about AIDS and, believe it or not, a love story, 'It Follows' is one of a kind.
fresh	Mitchell and his cast really make it work, and the soundtrack coats the whole thing in a sort of beautiful dread
fresh	So this is when I am going to break from the critical chorus of praise. It Follows wasn't flawless for me - and perhaps a victim of its own hype in that regard.
fresh	It Follows is bold, provocative, original, artfully made, perfectly acted, and creepy as hell.
fresh	The next time some old lady starts following you with an emotionless stare on her face, you are going to lose your mind.
fresh	It Follows has an impressively sustained sense of dread, less explicit gore than measured tension. Mitchell slyly inverts the conventions of dead-meat teenager flicks, although not with wink-wink comedy like the Scream series.
fresh	Formally and visually it is a work of real craftsmanship, and it displays a conscious understanding of the paradoxes of the heart that the horror genre plumbs so well.
rotten	"Follows" Fails to Follow Through
fresh	It's a wildly fun conceit ... Mitchell's atmospheric rendering of It Follows gives the film a fanciful, otherworldly feel.
fresh	Easily the best horror film I've seen since "The Cabin in Woods" (2012), "It Follows" is an instant classic.
fresh	This is a genuinely creepy movie with a few scary moments, mostly caused by sudden, loud noises and quick film cuts. The landscape of urban decay is used to good effect. The raggedy edges of Detroit look like row upon row of haunted houses.
fresh	The perfect viewer for It Follows is one who wants to see the unsettling things that happen when genres and their expectations collide.
fresh	Even though the setup creates little more than variations on the same basic threat, the film maintains a rigorous tension that is as unrelenting as the ambiguous monstrosity that keeps coming at us.
fresh	Tense, creepy, filled with dread.... We're not afraid of what the characters are afraid of. We're just AFRAID.
fresh	What the movie acknowledges is that the biological imperative that perpetuates the human race carries its own curse of mortality -- that the act of reproduction passes on both the gift of life and a death sentence.
fresh	...both memorable and controversial, inspiring the kind of water cooler horror-fan talk that the 'The Ring' managed to generate before it was diluted with all the sequels.
fresh	Good horror films rely on suspense and tension, and this one has both elements aplenty.
fresh	It Follows has a unique concept that somehow combines elements from some of your favorite supernatural films with cult classic slashers, but the appeal wears off due to its sluggishness. It comes nowhere near the hype it is receiving.
fresh	The film might not be as deep as it aspires to be, but It Follows is one retro horror movie that's quite creepy and has style to spare.
fresh	Even when you strip away the subtext and symbolism, It Follows is just a genuinely creepy movie.
fresh	It Follows specifically pays tribute to Carpenter's horror precedent in its middle-class setting, its likable characters and its spare, nerve-fraying musical soundtrack.
fresh	Remember, kids, when you have sex, you're having sex with every person they've ever had sex with. And also with a demon stalking all of you.
fresh	The better things in "It Follows" are a tempting tease for what the film's young director will do next.
fresh	Stylish filmmaking, invigorating and delightfully creepy.
fresh	...unique and arresting.
fresh	"It Follows" is the creepiest movie in years.
fresh	Less a conventional scary horror film than a fitful, disturbing dream, It Follows is all about atmosphere, with an unsettling soundscape and dislocating widescreen imagery.
fresh	Despite that title -- and the debt owed to 1970s cinema, most glaringly in the film's creepy techno-organ score -- It Follows largely charts its own path.
fresh	It Follows manages to bend the rules of fateful juvenile sexuality, and does so in a manner that genuinely tingles the spine and disturbs the mind.
fresh	It Follows builds terror that finds its scares through all the earmarks of a very vivid nightmare.
fresh	It's hard not to share Jay's mounting panic as she watches the thing in its various guises walking slowly toward her wherever she may be, invisible to everyone else and entirely intent on destroying her.
fresh	It succeeds as a thriller, with performances that strike a grave, quiet tone suited to the film's wide shots, long takes and carefully cultivated mood of foreboding.
fresh	Writer/director David Robert Mitchell forms a provocative filmic world of slowly unfolding secrets, creating a highly disturbing, highly recommended nightmare.
fresh	It horrifies. It disturbs. It rules.
fresh	I wanted to follow it, too.
fresh	It Follows has style to burn, and the cinematography, coupled with a nuanced, synth-heavy soundtrack keeps ratcheting up the tension in smart and creative ways.
fresh	The matters of sex and lost innocence work like a thematic undertow, pulling the characters down into the dark, psychological depths.
fresh	Promises more than it delivers, but engrossing throughout.
fresh	It's about many things, but dread infuses them all. You won't be grossed out. You'll be creeped out. And that's a lot more satisfying.
fresh	There's just enough detail to the movie's mythology to make it hold together, and just enough left unexplained to make things genuinely eerie.
fresh	Every once in a while a low-budget indie fright flick comes along that makes everything on the major studios' horror plate look like a pile of steaming crap.
fresh	Accomplished work, always interesting to watch, but it doesn't quite live up to its potential, finding Mitchell scrambling to reclaim suspense lost to budgetary and thespian limitation.
fresh	One of those rare scary machines where everything just clicks together, with a ferociously single-minded rightness that keeps the nerves in a state of high, perpetual thrum.
fresh	While I don't quite think that David Robert Mitchell's It Follows is one of the scariest movies ever made, it is certainly one of the most unsettling.
fresh	It's all made more powerful and paranoia-inducing because the shuffling stalkers could be anyone, anytime, anywhere. They're as inexplicable as they are impossible to escape.
fresh	Mitchell reshapes tried-and-true scare conventions - teens in peril, a relentless malevolent force, jarring soundtrack - into an unexpectedly unique creepfest. And his riffs on sex and adulthood are refreshing in their allegorical complexity.
fresh	Most of it evokes the attacks on lust that flourished in Alfred Hitchcock's Psycho and The Birds and that were rampant in the high school nightmare movies of the 1970s and 1980s.
fresh	Brilliant genre filmmaking, nicely sinister camera moves, excellent cast, superbly terrifying score by Disasterpeace.
fresh	It Follows is both scary enough to please horror fans and deep enough to inspire term papers.
fresh	"It Follows" is a truly electrifying, even hair-raising horror film. But it doesn't rely on gore to jangle our nerves. It merely preys on our imagination.
fresh	Delivers enough scares for those looking for them. (Full Content Review -- Sex, Profanity, Violence, etc. -- for Parents also available)
fresh	It Follows is as scary as it is because, in part, it doesn't try to be scary.
fresh	Mitchell's skills in crafting mood and building tension result in one of the most mesmerizing and suspenseful horror movies to come along in a long time.
rotten	Follows is an effective pastiche but a studied one; by the end, even its ambiguities feel overdetermined.
fresh	A sophisticated twist on the standard "have sex and die" themes of maniac movies from the late 1970s and early 1980s.
fresh	Where most teen horror movies revel in the peer group splintering and getting slaughtered, this one is more interested in how people gather around a loved one and shield her from harm.
fresh	Jennifer Kent's The Babadook, from last year, turned parenthood into the scariest story of all, and now comes David Robert Mitchell's It Follows, which merges paranoia and teen sexuality into an exercise in delicious dread.
fresh	An assured piece of filmmaking that works as both a horror movie and a coming-of-age story.
rotten	Mitchell conjures up plenty of eerie atmospherics - the camerawork and "Halloween"-esque score are excellent - but the film never reaches terrifying heights.
fresh	"It Follows" is one of the scariest movies I've ever seen. It's also one of the most beautiful.
fresh	Creates a quiet just waiting to be pierced, observing the experience of being young and finding normalcy punctured by something new and potentially scary.
fresh	It Follows deserves to be a hit; it's the pearl you search through loads of home-brewed horror to find.
fresh	Michael Gioulakis's cinematography, more art-house than genre with its eerie pools of light at night, brings an arrestingly static, tableau-like quality that echoes the highly staged scenarios of Gregory Crewdson's photos.
fresh	...David Robert Mitchell's It Follows stands out as one of the stronger horror offerings of recent years.
fresh	Not since Freddy Krueger stalked teenagers in their sleep have I felt so completely like the poor kids on screen had nowhere to run, and nowhere to hide.
fresh	From the opening moments, the one thing clear about It Follows is that it will not follow in everyone else's footsteps.
fresh	It Follows is itself a film that thrives in the borders, not so much about the horror that leaps out in front of you, but the deeper anxiety that waits at the verge of consciousness.
fresh	Written and directed by David Robert Mitchell, It Follows is the latest in a long line of sex-as-horror flicks that somehow grounds its terror both in reality and in the otherworldly, making this a smart and thought-provoking movie.
fresh	A wonderful horror film.
fresh	An intricate piece of work that derives its significant scares out of sheer cinematic bravado.
fresh	It's an undeniable triumph of mood - perfect for anyone who wants to practice clenching their fists for nearly 100 straight minutes - as well as an ambitious effort at reinventing horror by eschewing the genre's common tricks.
fresh	Mitchell pulls off a tricky balance with his ingenious response to 80's horror films where teenage sex meant death and monsters walked leafy suburban streets in broad daylight by presenting his original, nightmarish idea via an homage to John Carpenter.
fresh	"It Follows" is not really about sex, but an unbearable, unsinkable mood that descends when you come of age, and never completely dissipates, not even after climactic sexual, or other violent acts.
fresh	Unlike many working in this genre, Mitchell doesn't punish young women for having sex: This is a gender-blind demonic delivery vehicle.
fresh	My whole life I've been a horror-movie freak, and I've rarely been as scared as I was at It Follows. But it wasn't a fun kind of scare. It was the so-upset-I-feel-sick kind of amorphous dread.
fresh	A creepy, counterintuitive fright fest that puts a perverse spin on the meaning of getting lucky.
fresh	"It Follows" pretty much earns its buzz as the scariest and best-engineered American horror movie of recent years, and that's all down to Mitchell's sophisticated understanding of technique and the trust and freedom he accords his youthful cast.
fresh	One more stylish reminder of how readily we the people can be creeped out.
fresh	[A] smart, relentlessly chilling thriller that opts for originality over cheaply rejiggered jolts.
fresh	A dizzyingly tense and creepy workout.
fresh	A beautifully shot, nicely acted, oddly multilayered movie. And one based on the simplest scare of all: Don't look now, but something's behind you.
rotten	Can one perfectly-executed shot redeem the less successful earlier attempts? In this case, after the initial awe wears off, the effect is the opposite: it only makes you realize how much more there was to mine from Mitchell's premise all along.
fresh	It Follows is yet another example of how smart the indie horror game is these days.
fresh	Rather than breaking new ground, "It Follows" recycles familiar teenage horror tropes - a girl alone in a house, evil forces banging on a door - but its mood is dreamy. Seldom do you feel manipulated by exploitative formulas.
fresh	Agreeably unsettling if not the terrifying experience some have claimed.
fresh	[A] teen slasher with one killer hook
fresh	There are ordinary homages and then there are high-quality cinematic mix tapes like It Follows.
rotten	It Follows may have a pretty terrifying premise - the kind of story that urban legends are born from - but it's much scarier in concept than execution.
fresh	The creature's terrifying persistence taps into a base fear that audiences may not have felt this strongly since Romero's slow-moving living dead first shambled onto screen.
fresh	Writer-director David Robert Mitchell has clearly studied up on John Carpenter. But Mitchell has his own twisted gift for letting atmosphere help define character. It Follows creeps you out big-time.
fresh	The film turns its viewers into paranoid spectators, scanning the frame for signs of trouble.
fresh	With long-building fears and sudden shocks both in profusion, It Follows is one of the better horror films in recent memory precisely because it turns the border between the everyday and the supernatural into a knife-edge that cuts deep into your fears.
fresh	In love with old-school John Carpenter scares, this film will unsettle you from its first moments. Some of its ideas are just as chilling as its shocks.
rotten	The most fun will be in dissecting it afterwards. Film school professors, look forward to a decade of term papers.
fresh	A radically fresh, hair-raisingly inventive take on a thought-worn subgenre. In spite of its stop-and-start narrative structure, few motion pictures achieve the level of usurping dread that "It Follows" manages.
fresh	Mitchell puts a twist on familiar tropes, enhanced by Rich Vreeland's eerily atmospheric electronic score and witty references to horror-meisters from George A. Romero to John Carpenter.
fresh	If the kids think this is the scariest thing ever, then so be it.
fresh	Mitchell's deft handling of relationships gets threaded into an ingenious and exceedingly skillful creepshow.
fresh	A "dead teenager movie" that gives teenagers, and others, a moral dilemma to ponder? Hair-raising. Literally.
fresh	A relentless working of the nerves done with techniques cribbed from the avant-garde.
fresh	"It Follows" is a fine title, blending a logician's briskness with the job description of a stalker, and David Robert Mitchell, the writer and director, has fun with his various predators.
fresh	Though visionary, David Robert Mitchell's film abounds in undigested ideas and dubious sexual politics.
fresh	Part 2 will surely establish the monster has a twitter account.
fresh	As kind to its audience as it is to its characters.
fresh	The crash-bang-wallop set pieces are economically choreographed and efficiently edited, but their real weight comes from the sense of brooding menace established in interim sequences in which not very much appears to be happening.
fresh	This is horror boiled down to its bones.
fresh	The remorseless antagonist is genuinely horrifying, all the more so because its malignity is seemingly motiveless.
fresh	Mitchell is sensitive to the complicated nuances of teenage friendship, rooting the horror in relationships that are believable and affecting.
fresh	This brilliantly unsettling, determinedly awkward film confirms that there is plenty of life in the high-end horror movie.
rotten	Wait. Really? Horror movies are still doing the punishing-girls-for-having-sex thing? Ah, but this is 80s retro, so it's 'okay,' then.
fresh	Acted on me as all good horror films should, generating that prickly shiver through the shoulders and into the neck.
fresh	Mitchell's skill is to take this prosaic truism and turn it into poetry that is as terrifying and seductive as the score (by Disasterpeace), which ranges from the plaintively melancholy to crunchy, distorted walls of electronic noise.
fresh	The ingenious new teen horror film It Follows will intrigue, puzzle and trouble audiences by turns.
fresh	The first thing that strikes you about It Follows is that it's a film made with love. And that's something that you infrequently get to say about horror films.
fresh	You won't see anything more scary this year. Unless it sees you first.
fresh	Just when it seemed that there would never be another original teen horror movie comes this rough-edged but pleasingly creepy American indie ...
fresh	A first-rate horror movie, It Follows adds a new monster to the pantheon.
fresh	It Follows unremittingly pursues the two greatest themes in both art and life, as its adolescent kids learn to stave off with sex, however temporarily, the ineluctable approach of death.
fresh	I don't think I have ever had a nightmare quite as scary as this film - a modern classic of fear to be compared to something by a young Carpenter or De Palma.
fresh	With an inventive retro style, writer-director David Robert Mitchell offers an enjoyable riff on the teen horror movie...
fresh	It won't let you go and you can't shake it off. Whether you like it or not.
fresh	A horror film that will haunt your waking hours for weeks. Every frame of It Follows is stamped with nameless dread.
fresh	Passive and relentless, familiar and terrifying, predictable and shocking - and impossible to shake off.
fresh	A sense of dread envelopes every scene thanks to combination of Mitchell's slow, measured tracking shots and the stunning score from Disasterpeace.
fresh	A bold, terrifying attack of cinema, immersive on the levels of imagery both beautiful and grotesque, and scares from the shallowest to the most pervasive.
fresh	Mitchell's measured camera movements and dedication to slow burn scares with big, terrifying payoffs are worth the price of admission alone.
fresh	Go into It Follows oblivious of what you're about to see and you'll exit terrified. It lingers.
fresh	Though visionary, It Follows abounds in undigested ideas and dubious sexual politics.
fresh	It Follows is a lot like sex; even when it's kind of bad it's still pretty good.
fresh	There's a primal fear at work here - everyone gets nervous about being followed - and even though the monster is fiction, I suspect the anxiety may pursue the viewer home.
fresh	A hauntingly original and genuinely unsettling take on familiar spooky elements that ultimately doesn't quite hang together and might even alienate hardcore horror fans.
fresh	Suspenseful, atmospheric and spine-tingling horror cinema which nods at the masters and completely astounds as it manages the tough feat of being striking, sensitive and utterly disturbing.
fresh	A low budget horror that injects new blood into the genre's evergreen 'teen sex has horrifying consequences' trope.
fresh	It's not about why things happen so much as it's about why those things can be frightening.
fresh	A lot of horror movies use sex, or talk about sex, or even talk about how other horror movies use sex, but very few get to the root of what's actually scary about it.
fresh	...one of the most inventive, exciting, and truly frightening horror flicks to come around in ages.
fresh	Despite all the fun-to-unpack ideas swirling around Mitchell's premise, this is first and foremost a showcase for his considerable talents as a widescreen visual stylist ...
fresh	David Robert Mitchell's idea might be the definition of "Slow Burn", but besides a few insignificant pacing issues, It Follows is a horrific work of art with a fresh, rewarding concept.
fresh	Truly unsettling. One of the best horror movies to come along in a while.
fresh	Starting off strong before losing its way in the end, this stylish, suspenseful chiller should significantly broaden Mitchell's audience without disappointing his early supporters in the slightest.
fresh	Refreshingly unironic in its retro vibe (it nods to the classics, but never winks), for us It Follows worked like gangbusters as an exercise in atmosphere and allusion...
fresh	Canny manipulation of tone, atmosphere and tension makes this a satisfying little horror movie.
fresh	Tender, remarkably ingenious and scalp-pricklingly scary.
fresh	Plays the teen horror conventions skillfully - and attractively ...
fresh	It's a work that manages to be both old school and very fresh, a wonderfully restrained film that still packs quite a punch.
fresh	Gorgeously filmed (director Collet-Serra and cinematographer Martin Rhue give New York City its own starring role in the film) and strongly acted
fresh	Car chases, running in the subways, fights and shots fired in bars make Run All Night a piece of great entertainment.[full review in Spanish]
fresh	Run All Night uses the same formula that we saw on the previous Liam Neeson films. However there is great difference that sets it apart from the rest: this time he has a complex character to play. [full review in spanish]
fresh	Definitely, Run All Night is a good thriller that shows Jaume Collet keeps getting better as a director, Neeson demonstrates that he's still a trustworthy action hero, and this time he's surrounded by a competent cast. [full review in spanish]
fresh	It's not a classic nor a bad movie, and it does tap more into the vibe of American noir classic films. [full review in spanish]
fresh	Surprisingly, the "Liam Neeson and his particular skills" formula is still working. [full review in spanish]
rotten	Just one of those films you end up seeing on a Sunday night when there is nothing else to watch on tv.
rotten	The importance of this film for Nesson could be genuine. Death is a closing symbol that suggests the end of the chases and the killing onscreen for the actor. [full review in spanish]
fresh	Run All Night is a satisfying tale of revenge and regret, with carefully crafted characters, and thrilling action.
fresh	It is a classic worthy of applause. [full review in Spanish]
rotten	'Run All Night' is an average actioner with above-average performers as the leads.
rotten	Run All Night could be the worst one yet, as it simply goes through the motions without doing much of anything particularly interesting.
rotten	Neeson will also woo many with his charm (he makes for a worthy good-bad guy) but on the whole, Run All Night is a little underwhelming.
fresh	a generally solid piece of entertaining, but hardly earth-shattering, genre work that makes good use of Neeson's brusque screen presence
fresh	Run All Night might not be original or a message movie or even a film that will be debated during the drive home, but action fans won't want to be anywhere else for one hour and 54 minutes in a theater.
fresh	Brad Inglesby's script is serviceable but it's the casting that gives the whole exercise gravitas.
fresh	while it's a stretch as an abstract idea, there is something about Neeson turning from shambling husk to fast-thinking killing machine that makes it seem completely reasonable. He believes it enough for all of us
fresh	A nasty movie with great pace and a strong spine thanks to two alchemic leads.
fresh	The dark, grim Run All Night delivers the action goods while giving Neeson a chance to show us all over again what a great actor, and screen presence, he is.
rotten	There are a few odd left turns, such as the appearance of the rapper Common as a cool assassin, on the way to a lumbering and preordained conclusion.
fresh	With the exception of the first Taken film (which, let's face it, should have been the only Taken film) this taut little Liam Neeson actioner could just be the best shoot'em upper he's done so far.
rotten	It comes across as a more lifeless version of last fall's Keanu Reeves vehicle John Wick.
fresh	If any of his movies was ever to reflect [Neeson's] current career trajectory of fine performances in average fare, it's this one.
fresh	If you appreciate this kind of guff, then Run All Night, despite its slow spots, is a fairly good yarn.
rotten	Mostly a bore, a bunch of great ingredients that combine into something surprisingly bland.
fresh	Neeson and Harris really are quite wonderful actors. They bring a dignity and depth of feeling to their roles even as the filmmakers do everything in their power to turn them into characters in a second-rate Frank Miller comic.
fresh	...often calls to mind the stripped-down machismo of Walter Hill's earlier films, full of growling men and growing menace.
fresh	In the main, Jaume Collet-Serra is making a character-driven drama about betrayed honor, and the result is a film closer in spirit to the baggage-rich crime novels of Dennis Lehane than dumb multiplex fare.
rotten	Run All Night fancies itself a remix of Taken, John Wick and Michael Winner's Mechanic, with a whole lot of Michael Mann and even a little Abel Ferrara to boot.
rotten	Gritty, fast-paced - and quickly forgettable...
fresh	Neeson, Kinnaman, Harris and D'Onofrio all give strong performances in this film. The main characters are believable. While the story does have some unnecessary detours, it is basically a good, powerful drama with enough action to satisfy action fans.
rotten	For the most part ... it's a film about Neeson punching and shooting people while looking a bit bedraggled and a touch hungover.
fresh	An occasionally-too-flashy, but otherwise pleasingly old-school tale of twisted loyalties, revenge and bloody redemption.
fresh	Run All Night is a taut, edgy affair that features Neeson in peak action form and allows him to partially atone for the indignity of Taken 3.
rotten	...occasionally nails its grizzled '70s tough guy shtick but mostly it delivers a tired jumble of sloppy genre cliches, stupid character choices, and unnecessary action sequences. Neeson is clearly punching below his weight class.
fresh	It's a ripper of a film, filled with action, tension and drama
rotten	It's just a matter of time before Neeson's killing sprees no longer slay audiences. He may look for them, but I'm pretty certain he won't find them.
fresh	Exhausting, relentless ... Neeson and Collet-Serra's third pairing is by far their best ... Fuses vertiginous CG effects with some of the most elaborate action scenes since Michael Mann's 'Heat.'
fresh	Liam Neeson was looking spent in the decidedly short-winded Taken 3, but the entertainingly brisk Run All Night happily shows that he still has the legs as cinema's ruggedly heroic action dad.
rotten	I can't help but imagine that the following conversation took place between Liam Neeson and Harrison Ford on the set of K-19: The Widowmaker.
fresh	Run All Night could stand to lose a few pounds of sub-plot and character padding. But it's good to have your favorite hamburger back -- and your dad will love it.
fresh	It is the fact that I enjoy watching Neeson doing these roles that pretty much saves Run All Night.
fresh	In the vein of those tough guy Warner Bros movies of the 40's , Liam Neeson and Ed Harris show what pro acting is all about in this edge-of-your-seat action thriller that may be far-fetched , but highly entertaining anyway.
fresh	That the two fathers are tortured by their shared past ... add[s] a layer of gravity to otherwise stock action fare.
fresh	Neeson and Harris, especially, have a touching shorthand, and an unspoken bond, in their scenes together.
fresh	Run All Night is a solidly hard-boiled crime picture infused with true moments of bravado, and we should enjoy Neeson's continued late-career action renaissance while it lasts.
fresh	[A]n overall well-made little action-oriented crime story with some interesting characters, entertaining action, and good performances from its two big leads.
rotten	There are more phones than female characters, who spend the movie comatose in hospital beds, fretting silently in the background or being hugged through a doorway
fresh	This thriller may be paint-by-numbers with cliches all around, but no one is better at giving you pure enjoyment in this action genre at this time than Neeson. It's "Taken meets The Warriors."
fresh	Run All Night marks a slight uptick in the stock of 'Liam Neeson With a Gun' action movies.
fresh	At this point, the question is not whether Liam Neeson will kick ass, but what sort of ass he will kick.
fresh	Compared to most action films, Run All Night is just fine; a little consideration and better writing might, just might, have elevated it above the pack of B-grade action films it resolutely strands itself in.
rotten	In the end, one's heart should ache a bit for this story of a father's shot at redemption. Instead, one's head aches a bit from all the tech trickery and a particularly percussive soundtrack.
rotten	With all due respect for Harris's ability to overact even while underacting, and given the hour-plus of citywide demolition, the stakes for the action here are awfully low.
fresh	The talking point today will be about how Run All Night is one of many Neeson action movies, but what will be remembered years later is that it's one of the best.
rotten	For a feature entitled "Run All Night," this claptrap lumbers and stumbles around, moving at a pace that would make a marathon runner impatient.
rotten	The third collaboration between Neeson and Spanish director Jaume Collet-Serra is made almost endurable by excellent acting from Neeson (his wounded eyes are hypnotic) along with Ed Harris, as Jimmy's mercurial boss Shawn.
fresh	An entertaining NYC-set revenge picture in which grizzled Irishmen go at each other across the gritty streets that have inflamed the imaginations of filmmakers for decades.
rotten	It's dull enough to make you yawn but too loud to let you fall asleep.
fresh	While this particular bandwagon is fast running out of road, Run All Night shows there's mileage in it yet.
rotten	Liam Neeson undoubtedly possesses "a very particular set of skills." That just isn't enough this time.
rotten	('Run All Night') is formulaic to the point of boredom. It's kind of like watching a football game where you already know the final score.
rotten	It's winter also known as time for a Liam Neeson "Taken" knockoff.
fresh	An admirable cat-and-mouse tale that puts forth a lot of cliches and executes them with B-movie intensity.
fresh	The film works best as a straight character drama as opposed to the elaborate action thriller that it arguably doesn't want to be.
fresh	Well directed with nonstop action highlighted by tension-enhancing music, exceptional cinematography, and good dialogue. This is a chase film that should have the entire audience shaking in its boots throughout.
fresh	... Changes the formula enough to be Neeson's best actioner since "Taken."
fresh	The film may not be a critical favorite, but it will be an audience favorite. Run All Night is the first must-see action film of the year.
fresh	"Run All Night" is proof that quality action films don't really need to reinvent the wheel each time out as long as they make it spin this smoothly.
fresh	Director Jaume Collet-Serra gets fine work in his handful of scenes featuring Neeson and Harris and as the worn down police detective who's been on Jimmy's trail for over a decade, Vincent D'Onofrio exudes good old-fashioned rumpled New Yawk tenacity.
fresh	Mostly thanks to its stars, it is a perfectly acceptable, if unnecessary, addition to the angry middle-aged guy action-movie genre.
rotten	Run All Night isn't dull. The pace is breakneck, and necks get broken. But the violence is relentless, ugly, unredeemed by any real humanity.
rotten	If Ed Harris can't save a movie, it can't be saved.
fresh	The great Joel Kinnaman tips the scales in our favor in the generic, but perfectly adequate, Run All Night.
fresh	There is rather more of it than is strictly necessary, but Run All Night will do well enough for a shoulder-season screen holder.
rotten	Very close to being a good movie, but they try too hard to make it about more than what it needs to be.
fresh	Collet-Serra (Non-Stop and Unknown), lavishes the story with whooshing aerial cameras and shadowy rat-warren interiors.
fresh	Another week, another snarling slab of Neesonalia. This one is a superior sample.
fresh	While it may not stray too far from familiar territory, Run All Night is a fast and entertaining example of just why its star's action rebirth has been so successful.
fresh	With a morbid, heart-in-mouth atmosphere and some enjoyably showy visuals, Run All Night is a watchable thriller that continues Neeson's successful run as an action king for the aged.
rotten	The movie is the cinematic equivalent of junk food. It satisfies the craving for the sensation of nihilism, without its substance.
fresh	Directed, frantically, by Jaume Collet-Serra, written by Brad Ingelsby, "Run All Night" promises a sprint punctuated by a lot of gunfire, and bleeding, and bodies. Mission accomplished.
fresh	The sheer perversity of Neeson's thrillers is a big part of their delight.
fresh	It's not only the strength of the acting that pulls us over bumps in the narrative, it's the crisp, streamlined direction of Spanish filmmaker Jaume Collet-Serra, who also directed Neeson in the improbable "Non-Stop."
fresh	It shows how good those "Taken" movies could have been if they'd been made by decent filmmakers.
rotten	The story loses its convincingly scaled sense of jeopardy in the late going, and it ultimately unravels.
fresh	Neeson and Harris are good at this sort of thing. The outcome is never in doubt, but an amazing amount of firepower is employed to get there.
rotten	Though Neeson, as usual, gives an effective performance, maybe it's time for him to lighten up and climb out of his rut. "Run All Night" feels like he's run into a career dead end.
fresh	"Run All Night" is a mostly satisfying action-drama from director Jaume Collet-Serra, who made Neeson's "Non-Stop" such a guilty pleasure.
rotten	Liam Neeson warns us what we're in for from the first voiceover at the start of "Run All Night": "I've done terrible things in my life."
rotten	If you're a fan of the "Taken" movies and tend to give action-hero Neeson the benefit of the doubt, our advice here is simple: Run away!
rotten	Under all his action-star antics, Liam Neeson is a good actor. So his insistence on repeatedly playing a variation of the same role is mystifying.
fresh	There's nothing new here but thank God it's not TAKEN 4. There is no annoying daughter but there are two annoying sons.
fresh	Neeson's whiskey-marinated Catholic anguish isn't exactly new, nor is Harris's rueful reflection on years flown. But if it's a film that sticks to the old songs, at least it plays the hits.
rotten	Another month, another Liam Neeson action movie.
fresh	Liam Neeson's global punching roadshow rolls on.
fresh	Yeah, it's not perfect, but with Neeson as the lead, it just have to be serviceable and that's all he needs to make this an engaging no-frills action flick.
rotten	A virtual compendium of action cliches that's efficiently made but in the end totally superfluous.
fresh	Let's face facts: Mr. Neeson is the best actor the action genre has had in decades.
rotten	Of the Badass Neeson genre, "Run All Night" is one of the worst, and probably one of the last.
fresh	Superficially it's a straight up action film with a bunch of gun battles, but there's also an undercurrent of trying to be more than that, to sprinkle the mayhem with a dash of character and intelligence.
fresh	The latest Liam Neeson vehicle is an enjoyably overcooked latter-day film noir with a heavyweight cast all mugging it up.
fresh	a solid B-movie with A-list acting
rotten	"Run All Night" is the very embodiment of the rental recommendation: If you lower your expectations sufficiently, you'll be fine. But why lower them that much?
fresh	Deserves a healthy measure of respect for unearthing a rich, world-weary vein of noir fatalism. It'd punch you if it could.
rotten	A dumb bang bang crash bang of a movie that only takes time away from its various dumb shootout scenes for its various dumb talking scenes.
rotten	Liam Neeson's most arthritic action movie yet isn't one with a number wedged in its title. It's difficult to not think about the fun and finesse "John Wick" brought to a similar scenario, and how joylessly obligatory all of this feels by comparison.
rotten	Even though the scenario features messy emotions and uneasy relationships, the movie finds the simplest, most obvious solutions...
rotten	Runs out of gas and initial viewer interest long before things play out pretty much as most everyone will easily predict. (Full Content Review -- Sex, Profanity, Violence, etc. -- for Parents also available)
fresh	Run All Night sports enough high-caliber performances, memorable camera work and top-notch action scenes that if this had been Taken 3, it would have certainly been a far better way to end that franchise.
fresh	Sprints across the screen, and save for one glaring misstep, entertains from start to finish.
fresh	This is part of the fun of watching Neeson. The 62-year-old actor's face has the kind of topography that would make a mountain range jealous.
fresh	It's well-crafted creative wrapping over a lot of empty noise.
rotten	Unfortunately, the convoluted backstory is the only thing that makes this worth seeing.
rotten	Run All Night hardly bores... But the all-important details don't add up here.
fresh	"Run All Night" is classic film noir. The anti-hero is a tipsy killer with a few redeeming qualities. Neeson plays the role with the same gusto that's lifted his other action films from the dismal to the watchable.
rotten	It's become so tiresome watching [Neeson] play the same character again and again that the film is even more forgettable than usual.
rotten	Completely workmanlike and predictable in execution
fresh	Refreshingly, the film resists the Old Ways Are Best subtext so common to the recent crop of geriatric shoot-'em-ups, even as it leans into cliches of much older crime pictures.
fresh	One of Liam Neeson's better recent vehicles.
rotten	Run All Night will be lucky if it runs all week. This one's dead on arrival.
rotten	There are several times in the movie in which Neeson uses his wits instead of bullets to extricate himself from a difficult situation. In this kind of picture, that's called a plot twist.
rotten	This time around, in spotlighting Liam Neeson's fatigued charisma, Jaume Collet-Serra's formidable filmmaking chops have plateaued.
rotten	Too long and too same-old, and even Liam Neeson's effortless tough-guy charm can only carry this familiar-feeling film so far.
fresh	With a script by Brad Ingelsby (Out of the Furnace), this thriller has more substance than most...
rotten	The feature fails to ignite, with the actor and the movie revealing more of a limp than a full gallop, while Collet-Serra goes cross-eyed trying to keep his action sequences in a straight line.
rotten	For something new and different, Run All Night stars Liam Neeson (Taken) as a concerned parent with a particular set of deadly skills.
fresh	With Neeson on fine form and an encouraging start, it's a shame that this gritty crime drama feels the need to erupt into a full-blown action movie by the end.
fresh	Run All Night is certainly no classic, but will prove quite satisfactory for Neeson completists.
fresh	Neeson sells it the way he sells everything: with total conviction and a physical grace that belies his big frame.
fresh	Even though he never gets a grip on the over-complicated plot, the director hasn't lost his knack for those elemental qualities that make a good action flick.
rotten	It wants to be a '70s throwback but also can't help being a silly thriller, one that eventually employs a most lazy cliche: the unstoppable (but probably stoppable) super-deadly/-expensive hitman (Common, sans facial hair).
rotten	This pedestrian thriller plonks poor Liam Neeson back in a leather jacket and armed with a gun for another one of those 'Taken Lite' outings.
rotten	[Liam Neeson and Ed Harris'] few scenes together are surrounded by clumsy plot twists, with an excess of wheel spinning and other delaying tactics.
fresh	Liam Neeson delivers afresh in an edge-of-your-seat, high body-count thriller every bit as good as they come!
fresh	A first-person shooter thriller, dark and grim, for the Just for Men/Grecian Formula set.
rotten	We've been up and down this road before, and even though Kinnaman, Neeson and Harris make interesting passengers, the overused tires in "Run All Night" go bald.
fresh	While "Run All Night" might be ten minutes too long, it's still an undeniably hardboiled work of crime fiction
rotten	Dramatically, it's better than Taken 3, but it doesn't offer anything particularly memorable or lasting.
fresh	There's not much new in this tale of grim men staring, and then shooting, each other down, but this cast and crew know how to spin this yarn with efficacy and economy.
rotten	While the dramatic themes echo the great crime movies of the seventies, it's the modern flash and muscle that ultimately win out in this pacey yet less than satisfying action thriller.
rotten	The movie consists entirely of angry threats, pointed guns, hiding out from and eluding same and mad dashes down mean streets on foot and in vehicles.
fresh	Liam Neeson does his thing, and does it well, in this robustly satisfying Irish-American mob thriller.
fresh	Anybody who pays for a ticket to see the latest Neeson actioner will know exactly what's in store - and it's safe to say this doesn't disappoint in that regard.
fresh	It doesn't break any new ground, but Run All Night is still a decent entry into the increasingly crowded "Liam Neeson in a leather jacket saving his kid from gangsters" genre.
fresh	This ensemble film brings in enough elements from comedy to drama that it becomes a moving, enjoyable treat highlighted by surprising performances.
rotten	Despite the blazing guns, this script is not so tough.
fresh	A gritty, inner-city saga of Shakespearean proportions shot on location in West Philadelphia. Romeo, Romeo, wherefore art though Romeo? I be hanging with my homeys, mama!
fresh	The film manages to transcend these cliches to create something that is original and innovative enough to warrant a watch even for veterans of the genre.
fresh	Well intended, modest sports movie separates itself from the pack
fresh	A rousing crowd pleaser about an underdog track team that can proudly takes its place among these other fine sports films.
rotten	It gives a big-screen face to an American culture generally relegated to the margins of mainstream movies. Too bad it belabors as many stereotypes as it challenges.
fresh	In a time when organized school, college and professional sports are tainted by corruption, this is a throwback to sports movies of old. It inspires us, and shows us we are stronger united than we are when we are divided.
fresh	McFarland, USA may not take us anywhere new but it gets us to the finish line with know-how and an aim to please.
fresh	The first great film of 2015. Kevin Costner knows his way around this kind of story and is wonderful. Inspiring.
fresh	Kevin Costner has never been more endearing than in this outing as a devoted mentor and family man.
fresh	It will make you want to sign up for a 5K immediately after...hopefully you have the endurance to finish. Or Bull Durham as your coach...
fresh	It hits all the predictable moments one might expect, but the solid acting jobs and incredible true story make "McFarland, USA" a credible sports movie that will certainly brighten your spirits.
fresh	Scrappy and stirring, it's a feel-good, underdog sports story.
fresh	Costner may be the star, but the high school athletes also shine. After all, this "based-on-a-true-story" movie is their story, too.
fresh	Yes, "McFarland USA" has the obligatory coda where we found out how everything played out for the coach and the key members of that 1987 team. You should stick around for that.
fresh	A fine family drama that's as much about shattering racial stereotypes and presenting a positive image of immigrant life as it is about Kevin Costner's coach.
fresh	Initially Costner's coach is all about ego; he may even be using the boys to land a cushy new job. And it's this unsportsmanlike conduct that makes this one of the more memorable recent sports movies.
fresh	Kevin Costner is suddenly the go-to star for tackling the country's thorniest problems on screen.
fresh	Kevin Costner never steals the spotlight from the characters who play his cross-country team in this heartwarming, character-driven film.
fresh	A "Hispanic 'Hoosiers'", and I mean that with all due respect, "McFarland, USA" is an uplifting film that hits the right notes
rotten	The latest in a long line of condescendingly inspirational sports movies about a catalog Caucasian who learns that people of other races are also capable of being decent.
rotten	What could be an inspirational teacher-student, coach-player story keeps playing the race card of simple non-whites not being able to see their own way to prosperity without a guiding white light, who in turn learns from their unsophisticated purity.
fresh	In ways large and small, McFarland USA recognizes the problems inherent in the "white savior" premise and does what it can to address them, to surprisingly affecting ends.
fresh	McFarland, USA is a refreshingly optimistic look at how Latino-American and classic WASP culture can come to a rapprochement ... it is also hamstrung by the great curse of the inspirational sports film, prioritizing its message above its story
fresh	McFarland, USA, its leading man Costner and the seven novice actors who play the story's cross-country team run their feel-good story to the finish line in inspirational style.
rotten	Despite being too long and with a totally bogus Hollywood backstory that diminishes its credibility, this is a heartwarming tale that captures the hard life of Hispanic farmworkers in California's San Joaquin Valley and Coach Jim White's amazing success.
fresh	Here's a movie that should be disposable at best, and racially condescending at worst, and yet it sticks with you. It comes by its emotions honestly and wins you over.
rotten	... gives a good effort but ultimately falls short at the finish line.
fresh	One of Kevin Costner's finest performance... A well-told story told that is full of heart
fresh	You fall for the kids playing the runners because Caro lets their souls come through in the bus rides and the race sequences and the shameless scenes of cabbage picking.
fresh	[Costner] could have sailed through this film but he gives his role an ingrained orneriness and melancholy that lifts the entire enterprise.
fresh	You'll root for these underdogs, all right, but hopefully for deeper reasons than just winning races and leaving those jerk opponents in their dust.
fresh	McFarland still pleases on the strength of good supporting work (especially Pratts) and its vivid sense of place. Costner really does anchor the film, however, with quiet, dignified work.
fresh	McFarland USA won't win any awards for originality, but it's a prime example of a proven formula done right.
fresh	Isn't always consistent, and shows strain in the editing department, but when it finds a cozy spot of empowerment and community generosity, it charms in a big way.
fresh	Inspiration is for sale in here. And though more than a spoonful of sugar is slathered over the fact-based script, the movie delivers as promised on the thrill of the race and the lump in the throat.
fresh	McFarland, USA is by-the-numbers underdogs sport fare, but good direction and performances make it a respectable addition to the genre.
rotten	From the onset, Costner plays his incorrigible character less like a modern Gary Cooper and more like a new Archie Bunker.
fresh	When McFarland, USA does the sports thing, it's just doing laps. But as an intro-level family film about Mexican-American relations, it's reasonably entertaining.
rotten	McFarland, USA is a sports movie that doesn't know what to do with the sport that serves as its focus.
fresh	While there's really not much new here (aside from playing in a sport that rarely gets the time of day in Hollywood) 'McFarland, USA' hits enough of a decent stride (Full Content Review -- Sex, Profanity, Violence, etc. -- for Parents also available)
fresh	Like the runners depicted in this heartfelt sports drama, the movie itself stands out and races past other similar fare.
fresh	The quintessential Disney feel good formula picture, so just let your heart take you away
fresh	The movie can risk being patronizing, at times. And boy, is it manipulative. But all art is manipulative, in some way. And maybe being manipulated to have a little hope isn't such a bad thing after all.
rotten	It's all a bit much.
fresh	Yes, it's a bit corny and convenient at times, but there's an admiration here for hard work, ambition and battling adversity that overrides cynicism. "McFarland, USA" is a good film about good people; nothing wrong with that.
fresh	There are good things to say about the inspirational Disney sports film McFarland, USA, starting with its up-from-the-scrap-heap story, which happens to be true.
fresh	McFarland, USA quickly elevates above convention into a drama that will pull your heartstrings. It is a stunningly well crafted and inspirational film.
fresh	It's a true and simple story unencumbered by side plots, and with every character -- major and minor -- fitting neatly into place.
fresh	The strong message that "McFarland, USA" conveys about strength of character and hard work should not be overlooked or ignored.
fresh	If you think cross country might make for a boring film, it doesn't. In fact, the movie is genuinely moving.
fresh	It took a village of fine performers to depict this close-knit town. And the list is too long to give a shoutout to everyone.
fresh	The actors who play the young runners are a mixed bag of Hollywood unknowns and actual McFarland locals, all of whom are engaging.
rotten	As it is, it's an underdog story that follows the obvious track, though it should get there just fine if you're pulling for it.
fresh	McFarland USA has a distinction in that it's the rare sports movie directed by a woman. Caro's perspective is invaluable to the film's trajectory.
fresh	If you've seen the trailers, you know just how saccharine and sentimental it looks like it could be, but despite being made by Disney and being rated PG, this feel-good sports movie feels surprisingly good.
fresh	[It] aims to be rousing rather than revelatory, and it mostly succeeds.
fresh	Uplift doesn't come much better than this.
fresh	It might cross the finish line a bit winded, but overall proves more sure-footed than most of its inspirational sports-movie cousins.
fresh	Warm, sensitive performances and telling details
fresh	This culture-clash drama delivers an honest, moving story about the power individuals and communities can gain when defying expectations.
fresh	A canny combination of elements unites with an unlikely true story to make this more effective than you might be expecting.
rotten	If they gave Oscars for overcoming mechanical plotting and perfunctory dialogue, Mr. Costner would be this year's shoo-in.
fresh	While "McFarland, USA" doesn't reinvent the wheel, it does deliver in all the ways you expect that a Disney sports movie should: it's heartwarming, handsome, and features an exceptional Costner performance at its center.
rotten	Kevin Costner's signature knack for sports movies does little to buoy a stilted culture-clash dynamic.
fresh	Yes, there's a formula. Yes, it's corny. But running is about the journey, not the destination, and Disney sports movies don't know how to quit until everyone has crossed the finish line. Bless them for it.
fresh	The lovely McFarland, USA hits the expected mile markers on the inspirational-sports-movie path while slowing down enough to craft a rich portrait of a place and its inhabitants.
fresh	Based on the true story of a fledgling high school cross country team from an economically depressed Latino community, McFarland neatly delivers an uncomplicated, heartwarming message.
fresh	"McFarland, USA" invokes every underdog sports movie cliche in the book, and dammit if I didn't fall for every one.
fresh	McFarland, USA is the Million Dollar Arm of 2015: a sweet, family-friendly film that briefly tackles some important topics of race and class in America without trying too messily to give up formula and cause too much commotion.
fresh	McFarland, USA may be chock-full of inspirational sports-film cliches, but through sheer force of will (and a fine turn from Costner), it makes it to the finish line with wit and wisdom intact.
rotten	It never rises above the ordinary.
fresh	Even the best runners occasionally stumble. It's the finish that truly matters. Overall, McFarland, USA finds the perfect pacing on the strength of family and the power of hope presented against a sports backdrop.
rotten	Manipulative? Sure. Inspirational? It's all part of the formula.
fresh	actually tugs at your heartstrings - if only a bit
fresh	At this point the inspirational coach drama has become as ritualistic as the Catholic mass, but it's also developed an admirable social agenda of breaking down racial divisions, which is exemplified by this heartwarming Disney release.
rotten	You've seen feel-good football and baseball movies, plus great underdog stories of boxing, basketball, soccer and cycling. So what's left?
rotten	"McFarland, USA" invokes an old sports movie trope: the inspiring coach and his noble, suffering team. But the good intentions can't help it sprint past cliche.
fresh	It's no classic, but it's one of the better entries in the multicultural inspirational sports movie genre
fresh	It demonstrates that there's a reason Hollywood keeps turning out these inspirational sports movies: Because they work.
fresh	Caro's direction, Costner's performance and the winning cast, along with the shining of a sliver of light on the plight of field workers, however thin that sliver may be, combine to make "McFarland" a much better movie than it has any right to be.
fresh	"McFarland, USA" could have been a sentimental film, but it's not, because Caro and the screenwriters bothered to know what that they were talking about.
fresh	Based on the lives of several cross-country runners whose success story began in 1987, the script is crowded with scenes that ring true and rarely stray into conventional exposition.
fresh	The premise may sound obvious and potentially forced, but it comes off as authentic.
fresh	A less talented and more shameless director might've turned it into cornmeal mush, but Niki Caro ("Whale Rider") has delivered unto the Disney corporation a Kevin Costner sports movie that works.
fresh	Costner nails his role as Coach in this inspiring family film.
fresh	Better than you might think, thanks to strong work from Costner and a cast of fresh faces.
fresh	Inspiring, authentic proof that a legacy and a family have to start somewhere.
fresh	Kevin Costner reaches a welcome career high in this new movie, a live-action based-on-a-true-story inspirational tale of school sports, produced by Disney.
fresh	The fact that it's based on a true story makes the formula easy to swallow - and a mid-credits coda featuring the actual men at the heart of the story was one of many nice touches.
rotten	Caro keeps the material picturesque, respectful, and respectable-without crossing the line into real inspiration.
fresh	A well-made and unabashed feel-good film that has the advantage of being true. How often do you find that?
rotten	McFarland, USA is well-intentioned and largely inoffensive, but as any coach knows, good intentions aren't enough to go the distance.
rotten	Given the film's Disney stamp, you can see the feel-good coming a mile away, though the plot's never fleshed out enough to really distinguish it within the underdog-team genre.
rotten	If there's a general air of emotional authenticity woven throughout all this garden-variety, faith-in-family hokum, it's in the racing scenes.
rotten	Any filmmaker sufficiently engaged would have noticed that Maria Bello, as his alternately nagging/supportive wife, was seizing upon every last inch of a nothing role and given her something, anything to do.
fresh	Feel-good sports movies are all manipulative, but damned if Costner doesn't make this work.
fresh	Stirring even when it is manipulative, the movie hits all the expected points without finding much new to say.
rotten	McFarland, USA abides too closely to the paradigm of Disney sports dramas, becoming schmaltzy when it yearns to be inspiring.
fresh	The film's well made, well acted, and sometimes beautiful.
fresh	The real underdog story is how this by-the-numbers film about cross-cultural friendship, tenacity and strong work managed to go the distance without my rolling my eyes too heavily. Coach Blanco did all right.
fresh	An exciting sports film that also stands as an emotionally rich depiction of community, sharing, and generosity.
fresh	While the beats of the story are often stock, the picture benefits from sensitive direction by New Zealander Niki Caro and from a most appealing performance by Kevin Costner.
fresh	Poignant story about Latino runners a winner for families.
fresh	McFarland, USA is basically the movie you expect it to be, with the caveat that it's a pretty good variation of said movie.
fresh	A feel-good movie that earns all those good feelings, "McFarland, USA" might be running on a predetermined track, but the heart it shows along the journey is what makes it a winner.
rotten	McFarland, USA risks nothing and, therefore, ultimately achieves little.
fresh	Where the picture excels is as a straightforward sports drama, and Caro delivers the satisfactions of the genre with unfussy verve.
fresh	
rotten	...the film's few sparks of originality and charisma are stamped out by a script and a director who refuses to take any genuine chances with the subject material.
rotten	The film, which runs a scant 83 minutes (and that includes the opening and closing credits), feels like it's just getting going when it abruptly ends.
rotten	Very little life here.
fresh	The movie ought to be scarier, but in the current genre environment of teen-centric, found-footage shockers, its messing-with-Mother Nature traditionalism and structured storytelling is so old-school it feels new again.
rotten	...a thoroughly unmemorable and disappointingly lazy horror endeavor.
rotten	This sub-par scare-flick entry in the "back from the dead" genre starts smart but gets dumber as it goes.
rotten	If hell, as the movie says, is the worst memory of your life on an infinite loop, I'd better clean up my act or I'll be watching The Lazarus Effect for all eternity.
fresh	It's thematically thin but competently made and good for a few scares.
rotten	The picture is in desperate need of a personality, a perspective, something that justifies its existence.
rotten	The fright ultimately fizzles...
rotten	The first truly awful horror film of 2015... Only one aspect of the film is good on any level: Olivia Wilde is absolutely splendid.
rotten	...settles into a ho-hum slasher groove, offering up with Pavlovian regularity epileptic freak-outs and shadowy figures.
rotten	The film's only shock is that it was helmed by David Gelb, who made the wonderful 2011 doc Jiro Dreams of Sushi. Raising the question: Now that Gelb's career is officially dead, will he have better luck than Duplass' character in bringing it back to life?
rotten	Despite an intriguing opening and an overqualified cast, The Lazarus Effect can't shake a been-there/resurrected-that vibe.
rotten	Ms. Wilde could hold our attention needlepointing the Periodic Table, but having our dream fulfilled to see her go all 'Carrie' couldn't breathe life into this misfire.
rotten	This isn't a journey, it's a funeral procession.
rotten	And just when things are poised to get interesting, the movie goes nowhere really, really fast.
rotten	Lovely Olivia Wilde gets so many extreme close-ups that you feel like her dermatologist. She winds up looking like those outer-space pictures of dead moons.
fresh	The concepts in this film are not terribly new, but they are effectively presented.
rotten	The Lazarus Effect is one of those horror films where lack of character logic makes it hard to root for the bodies that are inevitably going to pile the floor.
rotten	How do you get from Jiro Dreams of Sushi to Jiro Dreams of Reanimated Sushi?
rotten	I would have loved to see more from the filmmakers, daring to fail while staking out some new terror incognita instead of just going through the motions of an experiment for which we already have the results.
rotten	A grimy, dopey, confused thriller that wastes a very likable cast.
rotten	Death may not be the end in The Lazarus Effect, but it should be.
rotten	Despite a good cast and a short running time, Blumhouse Productions' latest micro-budget pic doesn't have the alluring franchise pull of some of its other films.
rotten	A far cheaper cousin to 'Flatliners' that, thanks to the better-than-average cast, is reasonably engaging for the first hour or so before deteriorating badly in a mayhem-filled finale.
rotten	The story is dismayingly ordinary and its execution by director David Gelb is virtually devoid of invention.
rotten	Unfortunately, the film ultimately peters out rather than coming to a satisfactorily disquieting conclusion.
rotten	The movie anxiously, recklessly rushes through its plot toward the climax, as if it's afraid of anyone noticing its emptiness.
rotten	If you get your horror jollies from sneaky blind-side pan shots accompanied by 165dB blasts, you'll love The Lazarus Effect. But these cheap, cheap, CHEAP moments punctured my eardrums...
rotten	"The Lazarus Effect" boasts nothing special. It's not going to provide much relief for horror-starved audiences.
rotten	If you slammed the heads of Lucy and Carrie together, The Lazarus Effect would be the messy aftermath left on the ground.
rotten	"The Lazarus Effect" is nothing but a cheap horror film cloaked in scientific mumbo-jumbo.
fresh	The first half of this film is the best, with the actors reciting the technical gibberish very convincingly, while trying to resuscitate a dog named Rocky. The second half is essentially conventional horror stuff we've seen before with this genre.
rotten	Another cheapie from the producers of "Paranormal Activity." Aims low, but hits its target.
rotten	The Lazarus Effect starts dead and cannot be raised from it.
rotten	This isn't a real horror movie-this is the kind of horror movie that the characters in a real horror movie watch in order to comment on the lameness of the genre before their authentic terrors begin.
rotten	A low-rent rip-off of Flatliners. The talented cast is wasted.
rotten	The Lazarus Effect does have one redeeming quality. It ends quickly.
rotten	No resurrection for this dog please.
rotten	Mildly enjoyable despite its basic mediocrity ...
rotten	The Lazarus Effect begins with an intriguing premise then proceeds to squander all the early goodwill through a slow, inexorable descent into cheap horror gimmicks.
rotten	The flick simply isn't good, be that from a scientific, moral or just a way to raise goose bumps standpoint. (Full Content Review -- Sex, Profanity, Violence, etc. -- for Parents also available)
fresh	A tense, efficient medical thriller best enjoyed sans microscope.
rotten	While The Lazarus Effect isn't the worst scary movie film you'll see this year, it is probably one of the most predictable and lazily plotted.
rotten	Although it does stagger and groan and stumble around, you wouldn't necessarily say it's alive.
rotten	It staggers, zombielike, from one jump-scare to another before petering out, a scant 83 minutes after rising from the slab.
rotten	For a film that has pulled a reasonably overqualified cast with solid dramatic chops, it is regretfully short on any characters that stick out in any way whatsoever.
rotten	The movie ends up being like Frankenstein's monster before the lightning shock -- it's a lot of pieces sewn together that are lifeless.
rotten	[A] risible mix of pseudoscientific hokum and supernatural freakouts.
rotten	[I]t's not too much to expect that, if a movie is going to ask the big questions, it at least follow through in exploring them with some degree of curiosity.
rotten	Doesn't go far enough, isn't scary enough and has mad scientists who just aren't mad enough.
rotten	I'm placing all of the blame on the script and filmmaking, but that's because the actors can only do so much with what they're given.
rotten	Bringing someone back from the dead is one of the horror genre's oldest and most effective tropes, but with "The Lazarus Effect," it just seems tired.
rotten	There are lessons to be learned from this minimalist thriller. The first is that scaring people requires more than just tossing furniture around, turning the lights off and on, and basically sneaking up from behind and shouting "Boo!"
rotten	Who knew that playing God would be so unfulfilling... or so dull.
rotten	Like too many horror films, this one seems targeted at a hypothetical audience using only 10 percent of its brainpower.
rotten	It would be difficult to care less about all this.
rotten	The film intends to explore the nature and mystery of death, but devolves into a combination of trivial science fiction and banal "Pet Sematary" havoc.
rotten	Looks like it was directed by a blind and deaf person over a weekend on a leftover laboratory set from a TV show and edited with a roulette wheel.
fresh	Absorbing, well-crafted and appropriately tense, with a smart cast that raises it a notch above average.
rotten	It's Re-Animator with a little bit of Flatliners and a whole lot of yawns.
fresh	...it's a B-movie that manages to be more than a potboiler.
rotten	This is an 83-minute movie that feels a half hour longer and, if it weren't for the loud crescendos, it would put people to sleep.
rotten	The fear in the middle section that everything may get very, very, very stupid - which it will, and how - is more terrifying than any of the lame kills.
rotten	You've seen it all before. The only question is: Why haven't they?
rotten	The Lazarus Effect is a wag-the-dog film, where the filmmakers had a good idea of how to end the movie, but didn't put the required work into selling the setup.
rotten	Why play down to the basest tenets of a genre when it's clear the filmmaking aspires to something smarter?
rotten	Mark Duplass and Olivia Wilde struggle to breathe life into a recycled thriller about the horrors of reanimation.
fresh	The Lazarus Effect doesn't exactly break new ground, but it nonetheless finds plenty to relish in the mouldering bits it stitches together as it gives classic themes about death, life and the soul a literal and figurative shot in the arm.
rotten	It's not eat-your-ticket-stub bad, but "The Lazarus Effect" doesn't work at all, perhaps most successful at putting the audience to sleep.
rotten	This stuff was tired 20 years ago.
rotten	The film squanders whatever potential it had, not to mention the talents of such performers as Duplass and Wilde who clearly deserve better.
fresh	As predictable as The Lazarus Effect may be, it's a well-crafted and effective horror film.
rotten	You've seen this movie before with peppier actors, and not tethered to a visually uninteresting set that looks like a remainder from a 10-year-old episode of CSI.
rotten	"This is too much weird s---!" declares one victim-to-be, as if he were writing this review instead of me.
rotten	There is a crafty, creepy, provocative film lurking inside of "The Lazarus Effect," but, alas, it never comes out to play.
rotten	David Gelb doesn't evince so much as a single compositional sleight of hand, merely delighting in turning lights on and off and watching Zoe appear in random places.
fresh	I don't expect reinvention of the wheel, as long as a movie rolls along well enough. And this one does.
fresh	Unsurprising, but chilling, well-played and very well-executed revive-the-dead horror thriller.
fresh	Mainly just a film to showcase how utterly talented Mae Whitman is.
fresh	You don't need to be Einstein to see where this is going, but it's an enjoyable and occasionally very funny trip, with some smart observations about the yoof's addiction to technology.
fresh	The DUFF may have some snappy, modern dialogue that young people will get a kick out of, but it's the film's incredibly charming leads who make it entertaining.
fresh	Even if The DUFF doesn't raise the bar for recent teen romps, it allows Whitman and Amell to show off their considerable charms.
fresh	The teen-movie standard about the struggles of the high school outsider is given a good, surprisingly thoughtful going over in an above-average offering that challenges stereotypes and the alleged importance of fitting in.
fresh	Mildly amusing but always well acted.
fresh	Mae Whitman - please star in all movies.
fresh	Astute and genuinely funny teen comedies don't come along very often; this one starts with a smart script and lets the spirited cast run with it...
fresh	The smartest, sweetest, wittiest high-school movie in years.
fresh	Based on the 2010 YA novel by Kody Keplinger, The DUFF is a moderately astute, consistently entertaining teen comedy about the evils of social-media shaming and the healing power of just being yourself.
fresh	The DUFF is a heartfelt film that adheres somewhat to formula, but that's distinguished by its knowingness, Josh A Cagan's smart script and by a riotous central performance from Whitman.
fresh	This high-school comedy avoids the worst cliches of the genre and resists rather than indulges the worst tendencies of adolescence. Which is a rare thing.
fresh	The once-ubiquitous American high school comedy has been supplanted by dystopian Young Adult franchises in recent years, but it makes a minor and surprisingly welcome comeback with The Duff.
fresh	The DUFF is the first laugh-out-loud high school comedy since Easy A while also being genuinely the kind of story young girls need to be told more often.
fresh	I think the selfie generation has just got it's own The Breakfast Club.
fresh	Yes, it uses a well-worn textbook but thanks to some quality casting and a likeable screenplay from writer Josh Cagan, there are still plenty of laughs.
fresh	Mean Girls it ain't, but then again, what is?
rotten	A formulaic comedy where the actors appear to be a good 10 years older than the characters they are playing.
fresh	While this latest entry into the Pygmalion with Clearasil genre doesn't bring anything new to the table, it's still fun enough to hang out with for a while.
fresh	This is a likeable and smartly written teen movie that still seems very fresh in spite of rehashing characters and situations familiar from countless other high-school comedies.
fresh	The Duff is your typical high-school misfit comedy, elevated by a kooky, cranky and deeply sympathetic performance by Mae Whitman.
rotten	[The DUFF] looks at first as if it's set in a post-clique world, where it's ok to be niche. But no, the film tells us, for jock, goth and geek alike, there's another hurdle: you need to be hot.
fresh	The Duff is a standard-issue high-school film, but it has some funny material.
fresh	This tongue-in-cheek endeavour is playful in its approach, never earnest enough to a point where it's unbearable.
fresh	A predictable prom-com, but the journey is fun.
fresh	While definitely not a movie that everyone will enjoy, fans of the genre can be sure to leave more than satisfied after the credits roll.
fresh	Mae Whitman... [is] absolutely terrific, giving a wry, knowing attitude to her character and the film, and turning The DUFF from a modestly amusing comedy to a genuine success.
rotten	This is a well-intentioned and sometimes quite sharp high school movie that falls just short of the mark due to a few way-off-the-mark scenes and too much heavy-handed preaching.
fresh	Subversively snarky, yet sensitive, it updates George Bernard Shaw's "Pygmalion" with 21st century technology.
fresh	distinguished by sprightly, intelligent writing, and outstanding performances that are not just funny, but also perceptive and nuanced.
fresh	Perhaps no one over age 16 should ever see this movie. That may not be the worst advice I could give you.
rotten	Although it has its John Hughes-esque moments, 'The DUFF' is derivative of lots of other, and more recent, teen angst movies.
fresh	The DUFF has a lot to say about beauty ideals and how we perceive our self-worth.
fresh	Will...[strike a chord] with teen girls, if they can get past the casting of the healthy, but hardly plus-sized Whitman, as well as the changes made to sanitize the book...
fresh	Even if it serves up the happy ending audiences apparently insist upon, the good in The DUFF mostly outweighs the stuff you've seen before.
fresh	Funny, heartfelt and inspirational. The best high school comedy since Easy A. Mae Whitman deserves to be a star.
fresh	It's hard not to see "The Duff" becoming an instant teen classic.
rotten	The half-hearted message about inner beauty and self-esteem becomes muddled in a film that winds up as shallow as many of its characters.
fresh	The Duff makes timely points about self-love, body image, and modern relationships but falls short of becoming a teen drama classic.
rotten	Anyone not currently in high school is bound to find it derivative, albeit not unpleasant.
fresh	The DUFF won me over, to the degree that I found it to be one of the more charming teen comedies of recent years.
rotten	As much as the film attempts to follow in the Easy A template, it lacks its satiric edge, and its willingness to confront high school hypocrisy head-on.
fresh	One of the few teen comedies that may remain relevant (and entertaining) for years to come.
fresh	Why is it so wonderful? Because wit and charm matter, and The DUFF has a good deal of both. The cast will be stars, the gags will be immortal, and you'll still be watching this movie years from now.
fresh	Fun high school comedy is unexpectedly insightful.
rotten	Yearning to be the new "Mean Girls," "The DUFF" is just another bad movie some premium cable channel is going to try to make you watch in the near future.
fresh	Teen angst flicks are always formula. The DUFF is no exception. Once in awhile one is done right. This is a pretty good -- but very predictable -- flick.
rotten	The fact that The DUFF ends on a such a sappy, uninspired note isn't surprising, but it is disappointing given all the little glimmers of promise peppered throughout the film's first half.
rotten	[T]oo eager to prove that it's hip to the ways of the youngsters these days ... pounding away at its one note of supposed insight until it just becomes condescending.
fresh	The chemistry between Whitman and Amell is decent enough to overcome some issues and rough spots. (Full Content Review -- Sex, Profanity, Violence, etc. -- for Parents also available)
fresh	Whitman displays flawless comic timing and consistently makes inspiring choices in terms of delivery, reaction, even the slightest facial expression. She shines confidently in a self-deprecating role, and it's irresistible.
rotten	More in line with cheesy nineties teen movies like SHE'S ALL THAT than John Hughes or more sensitive, recent fare.
fresh	It's not "Mean Girls." It's not even "Easy A." But it's definitely a solid B.
fresh	It's the first great teen comedy since Mean Girls.
fresh	Sandel's film has heart, some good laughs and a decent message. In this age of cyberbullying, that's nothing to scoff at.
rotten	It falls short of the mark, even as it hits every one of the genre's conventions.
fresh	Capable, spry, and mostly wise when it isn't spelling out its moralistic intent. The main attraction is Mae Whitman, acting her heart out while making her every last moment look as natural and vulnerable as that of a real life being lived.
fresh	Especially because the young co-stars Mae Whitman and Robbie Amell are so appealing, The DUFF is charming, cheeky and relevant.
fresh	Where Bianca and Wesley are going is obvious from the outset, but it builds naturally through a pal-ship with a genuine spark.
rotten	Even in this would-be subversive comedy, success means getting the guy.
rotten	Romance, or the desire to find someone special, isn't a bad thing - if it's not the only thing. But as it stands in "DUFF," the denouement at prom has cliche written all over it.
fresh	The DUFF would make John Hughes smile.
rotten	The film deposits its heroine and everyone in the audience looking toward her for image-maintaining guidance back at square one.
rotten	A tepid, undernourished clone of the John Hughes high school template, with attractive leads stuck in a script that feels like a tattered hand-me-down.
fresh	Whitman makes Bianca so thoroughly herself throughout that anyone would be glad to have her for a BFF.
rotten	A Derivative Unimaginative Forgettable Film.
rotten	Mae Whitman is the best thing here, and the funny actress deserves better material than what's offered in this derivative and superficial ode to teen self-acceptance.
rotten	The earnest, yet consistently misfiring "The DUFF," makes all those other teen movies look even better.
fresh	A smart, funny, straight-talking teen movie in the John Hughes tradition. Oodles of charm from the young cast.
fresh	It works, but just barely.
fresh	While ultimately serving up the expected, The DUFF is fresh and funny throughout, largely thanks to two vibrantly written lead characters.
fresh	The movie is glib and willfully superficial but also smart at times about teen social stratification.
fresh	For all its potential pitfalls, The DUFF manages to keep its head above water, thanks to Whitman, Amell, and a willingness to engage with teen-movie cliches in a relatively thoughtful way.
fresh	There are no surprises here, but the predictability doesn't mute the fun.
fresh	The ostensible message of accepting difference is overwhelmed by a spirit of blind conformism.
fresh	The DUFF is exponentially dumb. For starters, Mae Whitman isn't fat or ugly. Point of fact, she's wildly charismatic.
rotten	"The DUFF" is a Dumb, Uninteresting, Formulaic Failure.
rotten	Whitman is fantastic, the movie is not- it goes back and forth between subverting genre cliches and wholeheartedly embracing them
rotten	You know what would be revolutionary? Making a really good movie about a three-dimensional teenage female character that doesn't start and finish with both eyes on the same old punishing character types.
rotten	What might have been a frank portrayal of high school culture and challenges ends up veering between being either too cynically hyper-sexual or preachy.
fresh	"Mae Whitman reveals herself to be one of the funniest actresses of her generation in a spot-on and endlessly quotable take on teenage 'dramz' in 2015."
fresh	This is [Whitman's] film, and she seems determined not to waste her chance at being a leading lady.
rotten	Whitman brings such kindness to Bianca that the movie almost sometimes sort of works as empowering evidence of many teens' flawed, self-esteem-driven perspectives.
rotten	A shallow, witless, and bizarrely cast endeavor, always eager to preach about the value of self-acceptance, but just as ready to indulge superficial behavior as a method of empowerment.
fresh	A clever comedy that isn't a chore to sit through if you're outside of the target demographic. Oh, and your kids are gonna love it.
fresh	It's a comedy with an easy message, and it's sort of sweet. Not too raunchy, not too challenging. A good date movie for sophomores.
rotten	The DUFF doesn't seem to know what its point actually is. It's pro-self-acceptance and also pro-makeover. It's about liking yourself, and how you'd like yourself better with a boyfriend.
rotten	Feels like grown-ups so desperate to appear hip to social media, they make sure to mention every app they've ever heard of, including We Heart It and Whatsapp.
fresh	The DUFF doesn't deviate much from the pattern, in fact it doesn't stray from it all, but a pair of playful lead performances by Mae Whitman and Robbie Amell makes it a worthy entry in the genre.
fresh	The DUFF won't stay with you far past its runtime. But as a vehicle, it's ample proof that we should be seeing more of Mae Whitman.
fresh	Most of the credit goes to Whitman, who stands in, and stands up, for the DUFF in all of us.
fresh	This winsome comedy is a little low in the stakes department, not to mention predictable, but it gets an "A" for charm.
rotten	Derivative of better teen comedies and not daring enough to deal with the consequences of an image-based culture, The DUFF wastes a talented young ensemble.
fresh	There are stretches in which The Duff soars, nailing scene after funny scene with an honest spirit rarely seen in mainstream teen films.
fresh	Formulaic, sure -- but cute, sassy and quick...just edgy enough to work
fresh	Its central pair of unlikely allies will engage young audiences' sympathy. They're smartly played by Mae Whitman and Robbie Amell, whose warmth and comic chops keep the movie buoyant.
fresh	While it's neither as biting as Mean Girls nor as sweetly referential as Easy A, the earnest and sometimes amusing The DUFF is a fine addition to the canon.
fresh	I laughed a few times and despite some guy-a-mile-away plot moments, walked away feeling just fine about it. And from a jaded film snob, that's a very good sign.
rotten	It's pretend bondage. Caffeine-free Diet BDSM.
rotten	It's rare when a movie is better than a book, but in this case, only because this movie is better than its source material doesn't mean it's good.
rotten	If they added foreboding opening and closing monologues by David Duchovny, the whole thing could easily be mistaken for a long-lost episode of Red Shoe Diaries.
rotten	Johnson brings some wonder and vulnerability to her part, but even with a listenable soundtrack, the song that most comes to mind is Peggy Lee's "Is That All There Is?"
fresh	Grey may be crass and calculated, but Johnson saves it from being completely forgettable.
fresh	Without the baggage of having read the book, the synopsis or even the film's Wikipedia page, Fifty Shades of Grey unspools as a surprisingly engaging story about sexual naivety, concepts of consent and, ultimately, power.
rotten	A monumentally boring motion picture.
rotten	Who would have thought, a Twilight ripoff actually being inferior to its already inferior inspiration.
fresh	... isn't nearly as terrible as E.L. James' novel would make you expect. There's perverted, like the sado-masochistic sex games played by tycoon Christian Grey, and then there's perverse, like the pleasure of watching trash so glossily compacted.
rotten	Basically, they made a lousy, mid-2000s-era Katherine Heigl romance with a handful of explicit sex scenes spliced throughout the familiar cliches.
rotten	A syrupy softcore melodrama with perhaps too much dialogue.
rotten	My biggest grip with the film was that I didn't find the two leading characters all that interesting.
rotten	He's a wealthy tycoon named Gray who takes a woman to her limits. I'm talking, of course, about '9 1/2 Weeks.'
rotten	Perhaps it's time for all of us to recognize that fantasies come in a great many more than 50 shades - and that they're not real.
rotten	One suspects that Taylor-Johnson was never free even to push at the edges of sexual representation, and the film's lack of explicit imagery and grit is one of its disappointments.
fresh	What emerges in Fifty Shades of Grey is perhaps the best finished product that could rise from the depths of a compromised starting point.
fresh	Taylor-Johnson has made a film that is both sexy and stylish.
rotten	I fault no one for whatever it is that gets their crank turning, but if this movie is working you need to take that thing out for a spin far more often.
rotten	It's a bondage movie without much perversion, a love story without much passion, and ultimately, a film burdened with expectations it could never fulfill. It never quite hits as hard as you want it to.
rotten	I can only say that boredom set in early.
rotten	While there's some meat to Dakota Johnson's role of the ingenue, Jamie Dornan is given absolutely nothing to work with for most of the film.
rotten	In the end, Fifty Shades of Grey isn't so much terrible as it is timid and tame.
rotten	The much-hyped film adaptation, in which James was closely involved, sticks closely to the novel, but is both strengthened and weakened by what director Sam Taylor-Johnson and screenwriter Kelly Marcel decided to omit.
rotten	What is this thing called love? That's a question asked by Cole Porter. In 'Fifty Shades of Grey,' the initially virginal heroine has a very different if not entirely unrelated query: 'What are butt plugs?'
rotten	Oh...my...god.
rotten	Sam Taylor-Johnson's movie adaptation gets so caught up in the intrigue and melodrama that it never really finds its groove. Even the film's raw sex appeal is lacking, which just leaves a poorly plotted story and laughable dialogue.
rotten	...a lukewarm exercise in timidity that - if not exactly embarrassed by its subject matter - is extremely wary of diving too deeply into it.
fresh	"Fifty Shades of Grey," which gingerly crosses over into the questionable subject mark, may not be the film some of the book's readers were hoping to witness.
rotten	There is a very good chance that I will see nothing worse all year. I'm pretty sure I will see nothing more brain-witheringly stupid and boring -- or less sexy.
rotten	The movie is simply a profitable pop culture movement with the only good thing coming out of it is Beyonce's remix of 'Crazy in Love.'
rotten	If this fanchise plans on being the "Saw" of Valentine's Day, I hope the next installment doesn't torture the audience so much.
rotten	This is a film that should have gone direct to Cinemax.
rotten	Fifty Shades the movie seems destined to inspire more eye-rolling than lip-biting, even if there's no denying that its protagonist is better served by the film than the book.
rotten	Think of it as the "Downton Abbey" of bondage, designed neither to menace nor to offend but purely to cosset the fatigued imagination.
rotten	A wimpy, wounded billionaire sadist - correction "dominant" - with a cleanliness fetish and no friends stalks with gifts a passive-aggressive virgin.
fresh	It realizes this story is ridiculous in ways the book itself never could. It has an actual sense of humor.
rotten	It's supposed to be a romance, but plays like a long, boring business meeting in which the naughtiest bits are raised not in the bedroom, but the boardroom, where contract negotiation stagger on over the proposed merger of his manacles to her wrists.
rotten	This adaptation of EL James's BDSM potboiler struggles to make a spanking cinematic silk purse out of its notoriously tin-eared source.
rotten	A charm-free hero with control issues and a passive, fretful heroine have coy and tediously vanilla pretend-sex. This is meant to be erotic?
rotten	Panders to Twilight's housewives and teens demo using that story's template, but with sex! Kinky sex! The sex is incredibly boring and the alleged "romance" between a naive college student and her stalkerish zillionaire suitor is deeply troubling
fresh	As silly and, yes, sanctimonious as this adaptation is, it deserves mention as one of the first major studio releases in ages to promote sex over vigilante violence or superherodom ... And that, in a peculiar way, makes the film a refreshing departure.
rotten	A desultory dud, that swaps out [the novel's] prolonged and explicit intercourse for tame (conceived as tasteful) inserts, padded out by the troubled relationship between a straw man and blow up virgin.
rotten	Beneath its curious surface, "Fifty Shades of Grey" is an uninformed and unrealistic "romance" set in the BDSM world that dangerously dramatizes sexual violence and glamorizes domestic abuse.
rotten	I expect most viewers would rather see the filmmakers take this franchise in a different direction. How about Fifty Shades of The Grey, with the two vapid protagonists forced to contend with Liam Neeson and a pack of ravenous wolves?
rotten	Such silliness.
rotten	A monochromatic misfire featuring only one shade: blushing pink.
rotten	Frankly, after watching the film, I felt ambivalent. The film's not exhausting, at least. It's not quite fifty shades of dreck.
fresh	Perfectly capturing the tone of E.L. James' sensational best-selling novel, this tale of control, sex and submission is tantalizing, titillating and provocative
rotten	Part of the appeal of the tawdry romance novel is that the visuals are left to the imagination for its legions of fans, whose expectations for steam and sizzle will inevitably be left unfulfilled here.
rotten	It's an episode of Red Shoe Diaries with a major studio budget. It's a Lifetime movie with insider art pretensions. A Harlequin romance with anal play.
rotten	It's been said that the movie contains 20 minutes of sex; if this is the case, it must contain at least 40 minutes of Ana biting her lip or putting a pencil in her mouth.
rotten	There's no escape from the silly, pulpy predictability of Fifty Shades of Grey.
rotten	The best they can do for dirty talk sounds like 'wear the panties your mother laid out for you.'
rotten	Presumably the sequels will explore forbidden taboos like "character development" and "plot."
rotten	A cynical, perfunctorily directed, guileless, sexless and artless re-tread of the novel - the worst kind of fan, and potential franchise, service.
fresh	A relatively chaste, arguably feminist interpretation of the BDSM fairy tale.
rotten	"Fifty Shades of Grey" has turned out to be more like 50 shades of blah.
fresh	The sex scenes merely serve as a basis for the real appeal of the film, that is, the shifting emotions and back-and-forth of "who's got the edge?"
rotten	[I]t promotes female "empowerment" within the safe culturally approved traditional female roles as submissive and as seeking a powerful Prince Charming to rescue them from "ordinary" lives.
rotten	Still not bad for being based on a book with a narrator who exclaims "jeez" while in the throes of orgasm and talks about her "bottom" like she's a 4-year-old.
rotten	Who would have imagined that a movie about sex could be so boring?
fresh	Anastasia Steele becomes a woman. Christian Grey? Bimbo. It's a gorgeous conceit, and I can't wait to read a raft of writing by smart female essayists about the film, and its cheeky subversion of its tin-eared source material.
rotten	Unfortunately for the Fifty Shades of Grey movie, a solid cast, good director and unique premise only help to expose the inherent weaknesses of the source novel.
rotten	Less interested in sexual power dynamics than in lassoing this guy into what the movie perceives as "normalcy."
rotten	The film doesn't culminate in anything. It's a bunch of scenes that end before any kind of satisfying conclusion.
rotten	There really isn't enough meat here to cobble together a real movie, but you can't blame Taylor-Johnson for not trying. She somehow gives it all a movie-type sheen.
rotten	If soft core porn is your thing go for it but that's about all you'll get. Not a lot of grey matter used writing the script of Fifty Shades of Grey.
rotten	I guess what I found to be so surprising is how a movie about weird, erotic, passionate sex could wind up being so dull.
rotten	Were it not based on a massive best-seller, no one would have made such a thematically reprehensible movie. If you think rape is a turn-on, this is the film for you. Personally, I'm perfectly happy not to be included in your ranks.
rotten	Attempts to capture the appeal of a classical Victorian romance - tragedy and all - but has neither the complexity nor the historical context necessary to live up to its ambition.
rotten	Thelanguage of 50 Shades is actually of the financial deal and the job interview, replete with the kind of counter-intuitive sloganeering we hear in advertisements. So much of what Christian Grey says is what money would say if it could talk.
rotten	Every line of dialogue is loaded. Loaded like a diaper.
rotten	An Ambien pill...While a follow-up is likely, it's a bit presumptuous, and if it's anything like the first installment, it's about as welcome as a splintered paddle.
rotten	What's worse than the boring sex scenes, however, is the rest of the boring movie.
rotten	Bland and dull, except for the rare moments when it is unintentionally hilarious, all Fifty Shades has to teach the curious is that it doesn't matter how many shades of grey you use, you will just end up with a drab, colorless blob.
fresh	Given the constraints and need to please its considerable fan-base, this sleek, fairly trim and occasionally sensual adaptation is the best imaginable outcome.
rotten	Lackluster take on best seller is way too graphic for kids.
fresh	It is unashamed tosh but at least director Sam Taylor-Johnson has fashioned it into tosh with a touch of class.
rotten	Like some mutant spawn of THE BACHELOR
rotten	Yawnography.
rotten	Neither a camp laughing stock nor a shocking study of sexual obsession, Fifty Shades Of Grey starts well but fumbles in the dark. See it for Dakota Johnson. For the rest, find your safe word.
rotten	Absolutely ludicrous, dramatically clumsy, fifty shades of wrong, but...If audiences can cool their loins long enough, they may have a productive think about the nature of their desires...
rotten	Sleek sets, sadomasochism, a few spankings and an overall blandness
fresh	...a passable adaptation that could (and should) have been much better...
rotten	"Grey" has about as much steam as a day-old cup of Earl Grey. The sexual scenes are ordinary and fail to push the envelope; they definitely do not arouse any viewer.
fresh	After all the hype, it's impossible not to expect steam from this adaptation of E.L. James' mommy-porn bestseller
rotten	In the annals of sexually-charged event cinema, "Fifty Shades of Grey" barely lights a candle let alone combusts with unbridled forbidden passion.
rotten	Fifty Shades of Grey may be the first film in history made specifically for the purposes of hate-watching.
rotten	To put it plainly, there's nothing redeeming here - not the acting, writing, directing or even the, um, "action" scenes, during which you just feel bad for the characters, actors and everyone on the set who had to be a part of them.
rotten	Hopeless twaddle, but sleekly made and sometimes funny. An honorable effort, and better than it needed to be.
rotten	It's a bland experience occasionally interrupted by bouts of nudity and related naughty bits. (Full Content Review -- Sex, Profanity, Violence, etc. -- for Parents also available)
rotten	Although Dakota Johnson and Jamie Dornan lack erotic chemistry, this fetishistic fantasy remains faithful to the provocative novel.
fresh	Will you sign the necessary paperwork to enjoy Fifty Shades of Grey?
fresh	... had James been overruled more often Fifty Shades of Grey could have been something genuinely extraordinary: an adult blockbuster in every sense.
rotten	If this was written by Adam Sandler, groups of offended ladies would be outside theaters protesting with pitchforks and torches. Also, we wouldn't be laughing as much.
rotten	"50 Shades" has its sexy moments, but never attempts to be romantic, and isn't ambitious enough to deliver romance and sex appeal simultaneously. ...Jamie Dornan is given the thankless task of playing a monotone misogynist.
rotten	Nobody sweats or pants or experiences onscreen ecstasy, which is presumably how a movie about violent sex manages to avoid an NC-17 rating, but the result feels like 50 shades of beige.
rotten	Isn't the stuff of bondage and discipline, sexual role play, silky blindfolds, and whips and floggers supposed to be, well, exciting?
fresh	My mind screams Noooooooo! This movie sucks and is offensive on so many different levels, but damn my lady parts....Jamie Dornan's abs beat me into submission. Every time I think about them any common sense I have goes out the window.
rotten	Fifty Shades of Grey is by no means a masterpiece. Yet there are moments where it rises above the material thanks to the lovely Dakota Johnson who is luminous, and a director that helps paint a very pretty picture.
rotten	Fifty Shades isn't ha-ha cheesy fun. It isn't tee-hee quasi-dirty fun. It's terrible. On almost every level.
rotten	Fifty Shades of Grey only has one shade: tedious self-pity. The other 49 shades promised in the title are missing from the movie version of the infamous novel.
rotten	I have seen more heat and more skin in late-night offerings on Cinemax. I've seen more realistic romance in young-adult movies, and I've seen better acting by furniture.
rotten	How can a movie this controversial be this painfully boring?
rotten	While the movie talks dirty, what materializes on the screen is soft focus and barely soft core.
rotten	Advertises itself as edgy and titillating, but proves fatally tepid and boring.
rotten	Jamie Dornan is going to get crushed for his performance here, but it's not all his fault. His character, as it's written, has the charm of a toaster. There's not much Dornan can do about that.
fresh	Johnson has a natural warmth, intelligence, and humor that come across on screen and go a long way toward making the movie less silly than it could have been.
rotten	Anastasia is a problem. Christian is one, too. We spend most of the movie trying to figure out which character is the bigger one.
rotten	We're constantly told in life that women long for humor, tenderness and honesty, yet that doesn't seem to be the case here.
rotten	Dornan simply doesn't have the ability to truly offer up deep, unimaginable pain and self-loathing. He's just not that talented an actor, and if the part were recast for the next two movies, no one would bat a blindfolded eye.
rotten	A generic romance cynically engineered to appeal to the lowest common denominator of female fantasy.
rotten	Johnson is rather sweet, though, and if she played a role that required her to look more than alternately smitten and poleaxed, she could score big. But now that Fifty Shades is poised to be a franchise, will she have that chance?
rotten	Johnson does a lot of moaning and groaning...leading me to visualize a director wearing plus fours with a megaphone...out of camera range, yelling, "Moan!" and "Groan!" The idea of sitting through two sequels is almost more than one can bear.
fresh	The director of the much-anticipated adaptation, Sam Taylor-Johnson, made what could have been a trashy TV movie into well-conceived cinema.
rotten	...director Sam Taylor-Johnson attempts to make a silk purse out of a sow's ear, but while she leavens the experience with some well mined character humor and gives the production a glossy sheen, you can only put so much lipstick on a pig.
rotten	Yet the film's biggest problem is its two stars. Despite all the ripped abs and exposed breasts, blindfolds and cuffs, there are few sparks between them. Without that, Fifty Shades of Grey feels as cold and sterile as Grey's sleek penthouse.
rotten	Those who take their significant others to see it this Valentine's Day may find the evening ends with a soft kiss on the cheek rather than a night full of boot knockin'.
rotten	Confunde fetiche com abuso.
fresh	Sam Taylor-Johnson's Fifty Shades of Grey is total trash. Noble trash. The amusing kind of trash, actually.
rotten	as exciting as a rectal exam
rotten	No one said the masochism part of the story in Fifty Shades of Grey had to do with what the audience would be put through.
rotten	The dashes of momentum are just a tease. It's hard to remember the last time this much sex was this tedious.
fresh	I'll go see the next movie quite happily.
rotten	Sam Taylor-Johnson's film version is neither as bad as it could have been nor as good as it needs to be.
rotten	Actors Dakota Johnson and Jamie Dornan make an appealing couple and battle mightily against the flat, linear plotting, though when the story ended inconclusively I wasn't eager to follow them through the inevitable sequels.
rotten	In the interest of consumer reporting, I'll say this: The book isn't better than the movie, and the film isn't better than the book.
rotten	Oddly enough, Sam Taylor-Johnson's movie version of E.L. James' phenomenal sexy best-seller begins as an intriguing, exciting, even eroticizing experience before its S&M engine jumps the rails.
rotten	[A] supremely silly film.
rotten	In the end, there's nothing here we haven't seen before. But there's also nothing as agonizingly awkward as James's prose.
fresh	Some aspects might be off-putting, but the actors and filmmakers handle the topic in a surprisingly tasteful way.
rotten	Leads Jamie Dornan and Dakota Johnson, both of whom spend the majority of the film supposedly desperately longing for each other, have so little chemistry that it gives the sexy goings-on a rather clinical feel.
fresh	A great movie? Not even close. Is it the best movie that could have been made from its source material? It probably is.
rotten	A flaccid S and M movie that's more infuriating than titillating? Happy Valentine's Day.
rotten	"Fifty Shades of Grey" doesn't entertainingly cross the line of good taste so much as trip and fall on it.
rotten	The likably coy Johnson has no chemistry with the dreary, self-serious Dornan. He's a casting disaster ...
rotten	The sex scenes are the best bit because the story is so abjectly terrible.
rotten	The biggest disappointment for those non-readers of the book is the feeling of is-that-all-there-is? A bit of rope, some hanging around, six smacks - it's tame enough to make Tyrion Lannister of Game of Thrones smirk.
rotten	All in all, this is really tame.
fresh	The movie as glossy as a Topps trading card. Real BDSM enthusiasts will roll their eyes at its chaste exploitation. But it's got something going on.
fresh	When you look at is as nothing more than horny housewife erotic fiction, it serves its purpose.
rotten	"Fifty Shades of Grey" the movie, for the record, is not quite as bad as "Fifty Shades of Grey" the book. But that's not saying much.
rotten	Fifty Shades of Grey only has one shade: tedious self-pity. The other 49 shades promised in the title are missing from the movie version of the infamous novel.
rotten	In the closing moments, "Shades" goes from being dull to disturbing, but only slightly.
rotten	Sam Taylor-Johnson's drably competent adaptation of EL James's appalling mucky novel offers Nitrazepam for the libido throughout.
rotten	While Fifty Shades Of Grey is a memorable and society-shifting cultural event, it's in no way a memorable movie.
fresh	Despite what you might fear, the movie is not torture. And even if it doesn't inspire lust, you will breathe a warm sigh of relief, thinking: This could have been so much worse.
rotten	Creating a genteel R-rated film from a very X-rated book is like making a Mamma Mia! movie without the songs.
rotten	"Fifty Shades of Grey" should be fun and frisky and, most of all, hot. Instead, it is a reserved, sanitized, overinflated downer, as sterile as Christian's sleek luxury penthouse.
rotten	Unofficially titled, So, Can I Spank You or What?, Grey leaves you with a question you don't want to ask after a movie or after sex: Is that it?
rotten	About an hour in, it finally dawned on me that perhaps the movie was giving me insights into masochism after all. As the minutes slowly, painfully ticked by I came to accept my punishment.
rotten	What's important is that the novel began life as Twilight fan fiction. That tells you everything you need to know.
rotten	It needed to take the plunge, strengthen the sexual moments, and submit to the book's "mommy porn" reputation. Instead, it played it too safe.
rotten	For a movie that traffics in the promise of sexual adventure, it's founded upon a woefully conservative narrative.
rotten	There's a big problem with "Fifty Shades of Grey," and his name is Jamie Dornan.
fresh	The book has a reputation for being a compendium of ridiculous lines. The film is entertaining because it understands the humour of the material and milks the exchanges with knowing delight.
fresh	"Fifty Shades of Grey" turns out to be an intriguing tussle - not in the sack, or in the Red Room of Pain, but in its internal war between the dubious erotica of James' novel (the first of three) and the far craftier trash offered by the movie.
fresh	I'm not going to pretend I didn't like this movie, just as I can't pretend there's nothing wrong with it. But try thinking of it this way: It's an event movie that's also a relationship drama, and that's rare.
rotten	I expected a lot of things from "Fifty Shades of Grey," but I didn't expect to be bored.
rotten	An unashamed and genially preposterous fairy tale, a kind of "Cinderella" with restraints, "50 Shades" is about as believable as "Jack and the Beanstalk," albeit considerably more kinky in intent.
rotten	Vainly seeking to reach the widest possible audience, the makers of this exercise in banality stripped it of almost anything that could cause offence.
rotten	For a movie where people are naked for a large chunk of time and play at bondage and dominance (without ever really seeming all that committed to it), it sure is boring.
fresh	It may be perfectly sufficient that, above all else, Fifty Shades of Grey captures the shallow essence of its source material.
fresh	These two star-crossed lovers have a lot more to negotiate than just the path to true love.
rotten	Fifty Shades of Grey feels like two, distinct films grappling for dominance over the screen: one a sensual and stylish romance, and the other a numbingly explicit Harlequin bodice-ripper brought to life.
fresh	I can't help but feel that if this was subtitled and in Polish or French or something, then critics would be losing their collective minds over it.
rotten	Colorless
rotten	There's undoubtedly more nudity than in a standard 21st Century Hollywood movie, but it's less explicit and less passionate than what Michael Douglas and Sharon Stone got up to in Basic Instinct more than 20 years ago.
rotten	What's troubling and somewhat dangerous is that underneath the twisted sex, this story contains the same template of every aspirational romance.
rotten	I'm shocked - shocked, do you hear me?!? - that the film version of E.L. James' Fifty Shades of Grey is such a dull, decorous affair, about as erotic as an ad for Pottery Barn. Strictly intended for gluttons for punishment-by boredom.
fresh	It has an impressive performance from Dakota Johnson (daughter of Melanie Griffith and Don Johnson, granddaughter of Tippi Hedren.) But it doesn't really feel like a date movie.
rotten	Overall, no-one's going to be needing a cold shower after this. However, half a glass of something beforehand in the company of like-minded friends is definitely recommended.
fresh	There is no denying that Fifty Shades, for the most part, is nonsensical and absurd, but it's undoubtedly good fun.
fresh	The only thing Dakota Johnson can't pull off is her character's over-dramatic name - she introduces herself as Anastasia Steele like an apology.
fresh	[Taylor-Johnson] has very professionally rendered this potent rubbish much less ridiculous, much more of a marketable proposition, than could have been expected.
rotten	Maybe in future installments there will even be something that resembles a plot. For now, the entire movie is about as sexy as a root canal.
rotten	I wouldn't say that Taylor-Johnson has made a good movie from "Fifty Shades of Grey," precisely. That's asking too much.
fresh	Johnson has a great knack with comedy, salting silly lines with witty humor, and giving ridiculous moments just the right roll of the eyes.
rotten	It looks and feels like a sequel to Twilight, with deadly dull talk about S&M replacing endless consternation over turning into one of the undead.
rotten	Think World of Interiors meets The Little Book of Bondage, and you may get the picture, which starts out hilarious, becomes ludicrous and finally dubious.
rotten	Obsessed with money, willfully wrongheaded about sex and crippled by its own construction, Fifty Shades of Grey is too many kinds of awful to work as anything but accidental sociology: We get the smut we deserve.
fresh	It proves that age-old saw that great books rarely make great films, whereas barely-literate junk can turn into something ripe and even electric on screen.
rotten	My God, this thing goes on. By the time the two get busy in Christian's "playroom," the oomph has gone out of the whole erotic setup ...
rotten	The film's intense commitment to being dull makes you long for sparkly vampires and werewolves.
rotten	If this were a parody of romance, the film might be considered valid; but somehow the cast and crew appear to treat the venture as realistic.
rotten	Easily amongst the seven or eight best Hollywood productions ever made about a woman contemplating whether or not to sign a dominant/submissive contract.
rotten	A limp bore.
rotten	The whole thing's about as transgressive as ordering a Cabernet Sauvignon with your fish.
rotten	"Fifty Shades of Grey" might not be a good movie - O.K., it's a terrible movie - but it might nonetheless be a movie that feels good to see, whether you squirm or giggle or roll your eyes or just sit still and take your punishment.
rotten	To her credit, Taylor-Johnson proves that graphic images are not needed and this is the first mainstream Hollywood film that successfully shows female pleasure in bondage scenes. Unfortunately, we have to wade through an awful lot that is trite.
fresh	Fifty Shades of Grey is an entertaining, witty, and yes occasionally sexy fable of female assertiveness disguised as a tale of submission.
rotten	Maybe the smoulderingly sado-obsessed hero does not have a penis. It could account for his tastes. And his decor.
rotten	Jamie Dornan somehow manages to render his sculpted beauty moot, which throws a major wrench in the gears for a film dependent on eroticism.
fresh	It's no Clint Eastwood's superheroic saving of 'The Bridges of Madison County,' but it'll do.
rotten	We may have all been curious going in, but by the time the credits roll, there's another question that springs to mind: Is that all there is?
rotten	Despite the endless sex, a highly unsatisfying encounter. Cold as a fish and almost as dumb.
fresh	Fifty Shades of Grey is not the lame, hot-and-bothered fantasy romance many, including myself, thought it would be. It's got wit and humor and a modest intelligence about human behavior that, say, the Twilight movies never had.
fresh	The movie Fifty Shades of Grey is considerably better written than the book. It is also sort of classy-looking, in a generic, TV-ad-for-bath-oil way.
rotten	Sitting through the turgid and tedious S&M melodrama that is Fifty Shades of Grey may feel like its own form of torture.
rotten	"Fifty Shades Of Grey" is embarrassing and depressing, especially when considering the picture as a reflection of the quality and state of mainstream modern romance today.
fresh	"The stylish and mostly satisfying film will be [a blockbuster], and deservedly so. Starring a vivacious Dakota Johnson and a game Jamie Dornan, Taylor-Johnson's erotic romance is a skillful distillation of James' first book."
fresh	After the reams of commentary EL James' books have inspired (and recent faith-based protests) this big screen adaptation still manages to be about people, and even a little bit sweet.
rotten	Lacks any of the raunch or controversy promised, and is instead tiresome, banal and as thinly plotted as a porno.
rotten	The fine line between abuse and pleasure is so thin it's almost non-existent. Here is a Valentine's Day movie that will certainly make bank, but you aren't helping yourself or anyone else by seeing it.
fresh	Gone are the truly dreadful aspects of the book, and the biggest surprise may be that Ana and Christian have developed senses of humor.
rotten	No amount of polished technical ingredients can salvage a relatively faithful screenplay that lifts much of the book's painfully rudimentary dialogue verbatim.
fresh	Glossy, well cast, and a consistent hoot until it becomes a serious drag.
fresh	Accept this genuinely sexy, somewhat silly, relatively timid romantic drama on its own escapist terms and you'll find sufficient pleasure.
fresh	Fifty Shades of Grey is a sex-positive but hopelessly soft-core erotic drama that fails to be even a fraction as titillating as the E.L. James books that inspired it. And yet, that's exactly why it works.
fresh	Aiming to please, the filmmakers submit without hesitation to the bold yet hokey source material, with leads Jamie Dornan and Dakota Johnson breathing a crucial third dimension into cutout characters.
fresh	Johnson is a true find: She's so committed, she makes Ana's every discovery - in or out of the bedroom - convincing.
fresh	Simons is a fascinating central figure, even if the straightforward approach seems determined not to ruffle any feathers.
fresh	J'adore "Dior and I."
rotten	If only "Dior and I" told us why we should care.
fresh	All that effort just to make a dress still seems a bit silly, but the passion and integrity of those involved are hard not to take seriously.
fresh	A piece of Dior haute couture to hang in the closet is probably not in most of our futures, but this enthralling documentary allows viewers to finger the hem, so to speak, of some grand designs indeed.
fresh	Fascinating, suspenseful, illuminating, and ultimately moving.
fresh	From creating photo files rather than sketching dresses, to fitting them on lithe human pipe cleaners who march them across the catwalk, the film is a serious look at a business containing surprising amounts of tension.
fresh	The movie, not to mention the company, deserves praise for showing the challenges as well as the triumphs; "Dior and I" doesn't shy away from conflicts when they arise. This isn't marketing material. It's a real look at a fascinating line of work.
rotten	This undramatic and flat peek "inside" the sewing rooms of Christian Dior holds little in the way of entertainment.
fresh	Perhaps "Dior and I" isn't profound work, but the opportunity to study the creative process in a place of incredible history is rare, making the documentary a must-see for fashion admirers.
fresh	Viewers become so involved in their proficient, collaborative activity that the catwalk spectacle is almost dull in comparison.
fresh	We get to know the people - mostly women, but a few men - whose hands create these intricate, beautiful garments.
fresh	Tcheng finds Simons in moments of haughty self-confidence and tremulous self-doubt.
rotten	A few gauzy montages of black-and-white archival footage glorify the fashion house's founder and namesake, providing a welcome interruption to all the self-serving confessionals and stage-managed conflicts.
rotten	[It] adds up to something that won't have much appeal beyond the fashionista crowd. And even they probably would prefer browsing through one of the designer's catalogs than sitting through this glossy bore.
fresh	The documentary offers a privileged behind-the-scenes look at the workings of a business. It's also about the difficulties of the creative process, the running of an organization, and the adjustments that must be made when a new boss is in town.
fresh	This exceptional [cross cutting] structure allows the past to continue informing the present, reaching a climax after lights out in the ateliers, Tcheng projecting old Dior imagery over the white toiles that are the blueprints of Simons' first collection.
fresh	Much more than a documentary about a fashion house, this film finds real resonance in its central characters
rotten	We get no sense that Simons is invested in the work, or concerned about what's at stake for his personal reputation, or has any insight into what he does with his time to balance what presumably are many other responsibilities and pressures.
fresh	If the ungodly star-driven media frenzy that surrounds the spring collections of the great Paris houses like Christian Dior is the public face of designer fashion, "Dior and I" shows us that what goes on behind the scenes is even more intriguing.
fresh	One does come away with a grudging admiration for the toil and ingenuity of the many players who bring it all together.
fresh	Tcheng manages to excite and move while painting a complete portrait of an artist challenged by his new post's unprecedented legacy.
fresh	The drama of getting new dresses on the runway turns out to be transfixing, while the hero redefines the notion of intense.
fresh	Dior and I expertly observes all aspects of Simons' stressful transition, especially in the minutiae of being both an artist and a manager.
fresh	Though the film is unquestionably a flattering portrait of Simons, it is also more broadly, and more fruitfully, a testament to a tradition and to those who have upheld it for decades.
fresh	"Dior and I" intimately demonstrates the tricky balance between art and commerce, between perpetuating a mythology while attending to the bottom line, and doing it with the pressure of a ticking clock.
fresh	The heart of Dior and I is with these seamstresses and cutters, artists in their own right.
rotten	As shallow as the world it depicts with much-precedented 'unprecedented access.'
rotten	Access to an institution like the house of Dior is a rare and precious thing, and Mr. Tcheng has paid for it with a flattering portrait dressed up to look like cleareyed scrutiny.
fresh	Tcheng gets under Simons' skin - we see the designer's methods of work, insecurities, vulnerabilities and his ability to cut through the noise.
fresh	For all the seductive imagery of billowing apparel and impossibly angled high heels, Tcheng never loses sight of the people overseeing every stitch.
rotten	Diverting but disappointingly hollow fashion film.
fresh	For all its grand statements about artistry and identity, it's most effective as a study of the hard work, both physical and emotional, that goes into creating something new.
fresh	Dior and I is a great fashion movie, but it's also a superb picture about the art of management, applicable to any field.
rotten	Dull and undramatic
fresh	The venerable Parisian couture house Christian Dior gets a makeover in Dior And I, which follows a new design director's rough journey to the runway.
fresh	Frederic Tcheng's fascinating documentary looks at the attempts by the Belgian fashion designer Raf Simons to revitalise Christian Dior with his first haute-couture collection.
fresh	The most interesting element about the documentary Dior and I... is the insight we get into the process and the skilled artists in the atelier that elevates this above the standard fashion hagiography.
fresh	Though nicely made, Dior and I is every bit as escapist as the last Star Trek movie.
fresh	A completely fascinating peek inside a legendary fashion house where the demands of business and art clash in interesting ways.
fresh	Of special interest to a limited audience, this backstage look at fashion design at the house of Christian Dior will tell you what you always wanted to know about the most elite segment of the rag trade.
fresh	It is absurd, but mesmeric.
fresh	Frederic Tcheng's Dior and I is a fashion doc with both a sense of history and a feel for the energy of a work in progress.
fresh	Pleasant but slight.
fresh	As carefully crafted as the clothes is Tcheng's well-considered direction, privileging the creative process over stereotyped glamour or backstabbing (this is no Ready to Wear).
fresh	More compelling when focusing on long-serving staff and their skills and opinions.
fresh	Whether or not you care about fashion, it's an absolute must-see.
fresh	Simons is intriguing, but the warmth and charm of the seamstresses carry the film.
fresh	Fashion fans will love this fly-on-the-wall doc.
fresh	A film that favours a subtle portrait of the demands of the creative process over scandal-sniffing or melodrama.
fresh	Dior and I blends cinema into fashion rather than simply filming the making of expensive clothes.
fresh	...Dior And I succeeds in bringing this exclusive world down to earth, knitting the viewer with its needles and threads and making a highly relatable story, no matter where you come from or how you feel about fashion.
rotten	It proves an increasingly superficial affair, especially given that the director's attempts at suspense are largely facile and Raf Simons's creative process is barely investigated.
fresh	It's a caper movie you can keep up with if you just 'Focus.'
fresh	It's nice to see Will Smith having fun in a role again, and Margot Robbie makes for a good partner in crime.
fresh	Focus is fun, slick, engaging and sexy. Also Margot Robbie.
fresh	The leads are appealing together, and that turns out to be the most crucial element of the movie.
rotten	The hole in the story is Smith, who holds onto his detached Will Smith screen persona too closely to make his portrayal on a con man convincing.
rotten	Focus would like nothing more than to evoke the easy style and playful personality of the Oceans movies, but surface glamour is no substitute for character.
rotten	You don't want to be any of these b*******.
rotten	It's ironic that a movie titled "Focus" never truly provides a focal point for its audience.
fresh	For the start of 2015 this is a strong film that audiences will enjoy!
rotten	If I wanted to see a thief not have a good time, I'd just find footage of Robin Thicke hearing the "Blurred Lines" plagiarism verdict.
fresh	Focus is a movie with an arbitrary title, but full commitment from its cast.
fresh	The film bogs down, certainly, and it bogs down in some very damaging places. But it soars just enough to be, on balance, an enjoyable bit of fluff.
fresh	Surprisingly enjoyable in spite of its flaws, Focus almost 'cons' you into having a good time.
rotten	Fails to ensnare its audience thanks to fatiguingly frequent "ah, bet you didn't see that coming" narrative twists.
fresh	Focus is great fun (if morally bankrupt).
rotten	Focus is not a picture that reflects reality, and requires a true suspension of disbelief to fully get along with. However even then, it's still something of a struggle.
fresh	Will gets into pulling off the somehow simultaneous unusual challenge of getting into the trickster head of his artful dodger character Nicky manipulating the world around him, and impressing the audience with believable master con moves as well.
fresh	Enjoyable, disposable, twist-laden fun, the film does suffer from that weird, ironic movie syndrome wherein it works so hard to be unpredictable that it adopts a predictable pattern.
fresh	In Focus, [Smith is] quieter, graver, more emotionally remote, more... substantial.
rotten	One twist and turn too many. Robbie shines while Smith doesn't.
fresh	It has so much eye-candy razzle-dazzle, and it looks so fabulous, you forget its flaws and get lost in its cool, groovy vibes and its long-con gamesmanship, and-hey, where's my wallet?!!
rotten	Focus has some hard swallows, including a last-reel speech so inessential it's comical, but it's also got a unique syncopation about it that's admirable, if not entirely effective.
fresh	[Writer-directors Glenn Ficarra and John Requa] set exactly the right tone as well as tweaking the plot with enough twists to keep your brain engaged. And it looks good too.
fresh	There are a few problems with the film, not least the ending (no spoilers), but it has the pizazz and all the elements that you would expect from a film like this.
rotten	Focus, while being generally entertaining, is a largely familiar and overly glossy run through cinematic con artist conventions
rotten	Never boring but not all that engaging, "Focus" proves that Will Smith still has all the charisma he ever did. Unfortunately, that's not enough to distract us from a mediocre flick.
rotten	Once the real game begins, the humor starts to miss and the plot points get ridiculously unbelievable. While Smith shows flashes of his classic charisma, Robbie is under-used and no one else is around to step up and make us care.
fresh	Focus is fun, slick, engaging and sexy. Also Margot Robbie.
fresh	Focus is about the sensation of having your wallet lifted by a pickpocket with nimble fingers. And it's skilled enough to earn the viewer's emptier billfold.
rotten	The biggest con is its lack of cons.
rotten	That sound you hear is the high-fives in the writers' room, and that, unfortunately, is where the filmmakers' focus remains.
rotten	Can they trust each other? Of course not. Do we care? Not really.
fresh	It's slick and fast and crammed with cons both big and small, but it's the irresistible dynamic between Will Smith and Margot Robbie that makes this smoke and mirrors flick so enjoyable
fresh	This is a fun movie with a lot of twists and turns in the plot. There are some nice set-ups and the story is clever in places, but not quite clever enough. The acting is solid, the pace is fast and the production values are good.
rotten	Based on 2013's Now You See Me and this picture, it's obvious that Hollywood's hustlers have lost their sting since the days of Paul Newman.
fresh	The first half of 'Focus' is close to flawless as it slickly delivers laughs and tense set pieces that more than pay off.
rotten	When a character refers early on to a manoeuvre called the 'Toledo panic button', anyone familiar with Chekhov's loaded rifle just knows it's going to be pushed before the movie's end.
rotten	By the end, it feels as though moviegoers are the ones who need to check their pockets.
rotten	Had this been a stepping-stone project for Smith in the mid-90s, it would have been perfectly fine. However, I expected more from Will Smith.
rotten	...it's finally impossible not to wonder if the film might've fared better had it not contained such a ludicrous romantic pairing.
fresh	Though it may not go the way you expect it to, Focus makes up for that small disappointment ... with a denouement that's refreshingly uncynical.
rotten	A load of con-artist movie hooey with two spectacular looking leads.
fresh	Focus is a movie about con artists that itself is a complete con. It swivels logic and loyalties when necessary, borrows from better cinema scams like The Sting, and plays everyone for suckers. Focus is also a decent amount of fun.
fresh	A smart, often wickedly funny look at two people trying to be true to themselves while being utterly false to everyone else.
fresh	Despite its 'never lose focus' catchphrase, unnecessary tangents and underwhelming reveals make Focus a somewhat unfocused, though still enjoyable, viewing experience.
fresh	[For Smith,] Focus isn't a full return to brilliance but a welcome stop, hopefully, on the way there.
fresh	With Smith back in his element plus the timeless appeal of a well-executed con story, Focus is undeniably fun.
rotten	Robbie brings such genuine feeling to heavier scenes and such joy to light ones that her acting fools us into thinking Jess is a more developed character than she is.
fresh	Ficarra and Requa direct some fascinating sequences, including a long, brisk montage of illegal acts that shows us how Nicky's team operates.
rotten	Making matters somehow worse, co-directors Ficarra and Requa give the proceedings the high gloss of a luxury-car commercial in an effort to offset the film's toxic levels of avarice with some visual glamour.
fresh	It's a shiny, diverting ride. (And right about now, that's OK.)
fresh	Perhaps the film's greatest trick is the one that happens offscreen: Hours after the end credits roll, it will completely disappear from your mind.
rotten	While Focus is fun, with intrigue, twists, and turns that will likely only hold up to one viewing, the romance ends up being the focus. Unfortunately, loyalty between liars doesn't equal a love story.
rotten	This is the kind of movie where we're not supposed to know at any time who is playing whom, but since the characterizations are glossy and paper-thin, it's difficult to get worked up about who gets fleeced.
rotten	Engages in so much rug-pulling, eventually, we just stop standing on the rug.
fresh	"Focus" has a flippant air to it, as if defying you to take it seriously.
fresh	Light-hearted and fleet-footed.
fresh	If we're to look at Focus for the qualities of its con, it'll earn your wallet, and you'll be totally okay with that.
rotten	Mildly entertaining, but mostly preposterous.
rotten	...not a scintilla of chemistry between Smith and Robbie...nauseatingly awful love scenes...preposterous situations...dialogue neither clever nor funny...deficient acting (but what could anybody do with this script?)...an ending that is worse than absurd.
fresh	Charming but uneven heist film is too sexy for young teens.
fresh	Two movies for the price of one. You get a sparkling, sexy comedy and its lackluster, dispiriting sequel, both in the same sitting.
rotten	Focus isn't one con too many. It's about a half dozen more than any story can handle.
rotten	It's tough to take anything "Focus" offers seriously when it feels as though Nicky and Jess could pull out lightsabers at any moment.
rotten	Lots of hocus pocus but not much focus in Focus. Or, dare we say Focus is often out of focus? Either works. The movie does not.
fresh	Slick, subversive and distracted, this crime caper is a mildly entertaining diversion.
fresh	As they did in I Love You Phillip Morris and Crazy, Stupid, Love, Ficarra and Requa prove to be masters of misdirection in this fluffy but fun romp.
fresh	Sure, the closer you get the more it has a cubic-zirconia feel, costume jewelry instead of the real thing, but, hey, it's a plenty breezy diversion here in the latter days of this seemingly unending winter.
rotten	A double-cross comedy that doesn't quite work.
fresh	The beautiful people are the sleight of hand that will keep you entertained.
fresh	"Focus" is like the beginner con artist that Margot Robbie plays in the film - not nearly as smart as it thinks it is, but smart enough to steal the price of a ticket from your pocket without you minding too much.
rotten	Someone decided to put a heaping helping of romantic comedy in my heist movie, and it does not taste good.
fresh	Getting the short con right is the charm of "Focus," and the goodwill generated by the setup carries the film even when the long con is, should I say, a bit too manipulated and contrived.
fresh	The mix of longtime star and minx on the rise is one tasty element in the success of a movie that approaches the modest goals and effortless allure of a 60-year-old Hitchcock.
rotten	It all adds up to an entertaining first half hour or so before the plot begins in earnest and the fun factor starts to droop.
rotten	Drunk on its perfume-ad cinematography and doesn't know when to quit with its double-double cross plotting.
fresh	Smith's natural charisma has been dulled by special effects bonanzas and/or a desire to play against type. In "Focus," he feels like himself again, and he reminds you why he became one of Hollywood's biggest stars in the first place.
rotten	It's not that the movie keeps you guessing with its intricacy, it's more like it's making it up as it goes along.
fresh	Mostly, it is fun to watch Will Smith and Margot Robbie, and to marvel at whatever divine or evolutionary miracle concentrated so much charisma in the two of them.
fresh	It does enough things right to earn a recommendation, but there are misfires aplenty for those who care to look for them.
rotten	Even if you're willing to forgive its sinkhole plotholes and farthest-fetched conceits, the film - from cowriters/co-directors Glenn Ficarra and John Requa - ultimately makes no sense.
rotten	What 'Focus' lacks most is - focus.
fresh	Smith and Robbie are terrific together. At various points along the way, he's playing her, and then she's playing him, and then we're almost positive they've let their collective guard down and they're really in love ... Or are they?
rotten	Ficarra and Requa repeatedly trying to fool the audience becomes like watching a magician do minor variations of the same trick expecting the audience to remain impressed.
fresh	The problem is the tone. It's uneven with the dead spots designed more to show off Smith's personal magnetism, and how good Robbie and her pulsating lips look in a red evening gown or a black bikini, than it is to further the action.
fresh	With a few extra passes through the scriptwriting phase, this could have been a classic for the genre. As it stands, it has its moments, but the best come early. (Full Content Review -- Sex, Profanity, Violence, etc. -- for Parents also available)
fresh	Smith Slick, Robbie Sharp in "Focus."
rotten	More entertaining than it deserves to be, "Focus" is still a middle-of-the-pack con man movie - pretty to look at, but too flashy for its own good.
fresh	Although it's the sort of film that can't pass a mirror without pointing a finger and winking at itself, it generally earns the right to do so.
fresh	Yes, it's a trifle of a film, but it's a super fun one, like a magic trick that you know how it plays out but enjoy the show anyway
fresh	Smith is again playing a hustler and shows his familiar charm and charisma. The film itself plays like an ersatz version of one of David Mamet's dramas in which everybody is cheating everybody else, but it suffers from a lack of plausibility.
fresh	The clue to unravelling this entertaining tale of glamorous grifters is in the title.
fresh	This stuff is pretty entertaining on its own, so much that if you just sit back and take it in, you may overlook the fact that the plot is full of holes.
rotten	Like many a grifter, this crime caper is all style and no substance.
fresh	Smith's smooth approach -- coupled with the smoldering stylings of Robbie -- gives "Focus" an odd combination of coolness and heat.
fresh	It's an old-fashioned formula, but it still works well enough.
fresh	The Hollywood stakes for Smith are as high as they are for the con man he plays. As it stands, "Focus" just might be a game changer.
rotten	The problem with Focus is that it never really does - and in its fuzzy-edged attempts to pull off the long con, the film ends up picking its own pocket.
fresh	The film's chief pleasure comes from fighting the desire to believe at any given point that the hero is finally being sincere, that now we are seeing the real man and his real plan.
rotten	In the end, we get the sense that Focus is rigged against us.
rotten	The second half feels like Ficarra and Requa ran out of ideas and just hit restart.
rotten	It passes in a blur of dullness.
rotten	A series of contrived twists...that fails to recapture the magic of the best Hollywood caper movies of the past.
rotten	Tocks like a cheap carriage clock that's been run over almost as often as it's been flung down the stairs.
rotten	We can't say we weren't warned. Will Smith has been telling us not to trust him the entire movie.
rotten	At times ... Focus resembles a commercial for a pricey brand of liquor, an elite hotel or a luxury car more than a story-driven movie.
rotten	Like a counterfeit handbag: It looks great but falls apart when you reach into it.
fresh	...all you'll remember is that you had a good time, and for the filmmakers, that was likely the humble bar they wanted to hit in the first place.
fresh	The story is ludicrous...Yet Focus, Will Smith's mea culpa to moviegoers after the post-apocalyptic tedium of After Earth two years ago, is more breezily enjoyable than it has a right to be.
fresh	Writer/director Glenn Ficarra & John Requa's ("Crazy, Stupid, Love") latest is a little bit "Now You See Me," a little bit "Out of Sight"...a nice bounce back for Will Smith.
fresh	a late winter season surprise.
rotten	You come out feeling you've been had by well-intentioned crooks who aren't ready for the big show.
rotten	The film itself comes to feel like a con, thanks to a script that's too clever by two-thirds, and butterfingered in the ways of portraying love.
fresh	FOCUS is pleasant and fizzy, but slightly too soft.
fresh	Decent but unremarkable ... the kind of movie you see with some pleasure but no dreams of sequels or remakes.
fresh	There's much to be said for a film that doesn't overreach, delivers on most of its promises and gets the audience out the door in just over an hour and a half.
fresh	The two stars are dazzling distractions. Robbie is a wow and then some. The Aussie actress shows a comic flair backed up with beauty and steel. Even when Focus fumbles, Robbie deals a winning hand.
fresh	Smith and Robbie have fantastic chemistry, and they both bring natural charm to their wary but exuberant characters.
rotten	Focus turns out to be a strained trumpeting of the return of the proverbial king of the box office.
rotten	[Will] Smith isn't at his best here. The role of Nicky tamps down his strengths as a star, forcing him to rein in his outsized persona.
fresh	You don't have to check your brain at the door, exactly, but you might want to set it to cruise control.
fresh	There's a ton of good stuff in "Focus," but it's frequently undercut by twist after twist after twist, which sort of make us question why we're supposed to care in the first place.
fresh	This is maximum-gloss entertainment with its fair share of tricksy rug-pulls. But, like one of the neon-coloured cocktails Smith drinks in it, it's more of an immediate rush than something you'll remember in a year.
rotten	Flash trash.
rotten	I really love what "Focus" is trying to do, which makes it an even bigger bummer that it doesn't succeed.
rotten	It's yet another reminder that if it's not called "The Sting," you shouldn't get too comfortable with a con-game movie.
fresh	It's like a thief you see from a mile away, who telegraphs his or her every move, and still steals your wallet.
rotten	Smith and Robbie, both going through the motions, don't click at all, and Robbie in particular has nothing to play.
rotten	A slick, derivative con man movie starring a typically debonair Will Smith.
fresh	Smith wears it like a well-tailored suit, and the brisk, snappy dialogue is well delivered by an able cast.
rotten	It doesn't take long to catch on to the modus operandi of the romantic comedy/drama Focus -- no matter what outrageous things happen, they will invariably be revealed as elaborate con jobs designed to hoodwink suckers, just like us.
rotten	Focus is basically two movies stitched together by the same connective tissue, and only one of the halves is any good.
rotten	Even in a lark about con artists working through their trust issues, we need more.
rotten	"Focus" is ridiculous in every detail. It's a movie with no truth, that teaches nothing and shows nothing, that has only its audacity to recommend it.
fresh	It's beautifully photographed and entertaining, with charming performances by Will Smith and newcomer Margot Robbie that tease and tantalize. You won't be bored.
fresh	Although it brings nothing new to the con-artist fold, or even anything thrilling, "Focus" is a seductive enough rehash that benefits from the built-in pleasures of the trade.
fresh	Focus is a shiny, stylish shell game of a film that, much like its protagonists, relies on breezy chatter, a good sense of humor and a lot of misdirection to succeed.
fresh	A very odd blend of caper action, dark drama and romantic comedy, this slickly made con-artist romp never quite finds its stride...
rotten	Unpleasant, humor free, and contrary to accepted codes of movie morality. And that's before it shows its hand as a pile of implausible sentimental mush.
rotten	If it was a real con artist, it would be led away in handcuffs. Nice try, almost got away with it, but not quite.
fresh	The aces up Focus' sleeve are gorgeous stars Will Smith and Margot Robbie, who are so distractingly good they could pick our pockets blind.
fresh	Co-stars Will Smith and Margot Robbie remain consistently charismatic, even once the script for this heist caper collapses in a punishing pile of its own twists and double-crosses.
fresh	Works hard and does manage to generate entertainment. But the strain shows.
fresh	20 times hotter, 200 times smarter than Fifty Shades of Grey.
fresh	Sexy stars, pretty cities, nice music and some tricky action. If that's a con game, well - I'm happy to be had. And you will be, too.
rotten	Focus' problem isn't that its stars lack charm, but that it's squeezed into tight spaces between protracted explanations of setups, backstories, and twists-a poor example of the every-shot-must-convey-narrative-information school of filmmaking.
rotten	In this lame caper, the biggest scam perpetrated is the one that makes audiences think they'll have a good time.
fresh	Inconsequential but stimulatingly grown-up, "Focus" rides a wave of cool to the finish.
fresh	If Grace Kelly had been raised by coyotes, she might have stalked the screen like Focus' Margot Robbie, a va-va-voom blonde with bite
fresh	I wonder how huge the disparity between the pay of the two stars was.
fresh	What keeps the film humming along as smoothly as it does is the chemistry and charisma of its leads.
fresh	Will Smith and Margot Robbie generate enough chemistry to steam up the screen and make the farfetched romantic romp just worth the watch, provided eye candy alone can do for you in lieu of credulity.
fresh	As an audience, we should be having the same kind of fun that we had in the third act of The Sting. Why aren't we?
rotten	A predictably unpredictable tale of conmen and women complete with the industry-mandated quantity of fast cars, short skirts, sharp suits, slippery billionaires and "Oh, it was that guy all along!" plot twists.
fresh	Focus may have solved the conundrum of the con artist movie. Writer/directors Glenn Ficara and John Requa pulled off the ultimate prestige.
fresh	The hotels and high-end clubs in Focus are extraordinarily furnished, and Smith and Robbie look splendid gallivanting among them.
fresh	There's enough to be entertained by in Focus that even when it teeters into ridiculous over-plotting, you know that you can bet on Ficarra and Requa to put together another great centerpiece scene.
fresh	A nice mix of old school romance with an inside look at the world of con men and pick pockets, which ultimately does make for an entertainment film.
rotten	Let's just say Travolta and Idina Menzel had more chemistry, and leave it at that.
fresh	Will Smith is at the top of his game in Focus, finally back in a movie that deserves him. It's an exciting, funny and sensual film.
fresh	Like a perfect cocktail mixes the sour with the sweet and the bright with the boozy, "Focus" combines seamless, superbly-crafted filmmaking with the fizz and fun created by its leads.
rotten	One of those empty, know-it-all tales about grifters working scams, and each other, wrapped around an equally vapid love story.
rotten	This kind of film needs a punchy right hook to follow up its clever, if outlandish, jab late in the game, and "Focus" doesn't deliver.
fresh	It's not as smart as you want it to be, but it's a lot smarter than the worst examples of the genre.
rotten	Swindler cinema is only as good as its architecture; once the big picture is revealed, viewers should be thrilled at having had one pulled over on them. Focus, sadly, leaves you feeling bilked.
rotten	Let's hope this slips away before everyone realizes that terrific hot chick from The Wolf of Wall Street stars in this. Will Smith goes through it looking angry at his agent.
rotten	Unfortunately, since the major characters' salient character traits are insincerity, opaqueness and untruthfulness, it's hard to invest much interest in any of them.
fresh	While not quite the "art" it's billed to be, if the perfect con is about diverting one's focus, then this one keeps you distracted till the end.
rotten	A stylish, consistently diverting romantic caper that, nonetheless, leaves you feeling that you've been jerked around without sufficient payoff.
fresh	If you can believe that two guys would each carry $1.2 million cash to the racetrack, you can accept anything this picture throws at you.
fresh	There's not a ton to Focus beneath its surface pleasures, but its surfaces are pleasurable as hell.
fresh	Focus is a pretty terrific little movie.
rotten	Few films are more annoying than a con caper that has nothing up its sleeve except cool, designer style and Focus falls squarely into that category.
fresh	There's a slinky, Soderbergh vibe in the DNA here; Focus feels like it's pitched somewhere between Out Of Sight and Ocean's Eleven.
fresh	Focus, nicely filmed and very competent, delivers come snappy dialogue and fizzy, forgettable fun.
rotten	The premise is preposterous and the plot has more holes than St Andrews.
rotten	Don't get me wrong, Focus definitely has its moments, but it's far from essential viewing.
rotten	Aggressively dull and terribly paced.
rotten	I hope this noble failure doesn't see the Wachowskis deprived of future funding, because ambitious failure is at least worth talking about.
rotten	I kind of had a tepidly good time in "Jupiter Ascending." It won me over in the same way that bag of tater tots in the freezer wins you over: it has its own freezer-burned charm.
rotten	It lacks the special-effects advancements, entertaining performances, and existential cool that made [the Wachowskis'] breakthrough success such a milestone.
rotten	An utterly gorgeous visual delight, and it has some enjoyably goofy moments, managing to throw in some left-leaning, anti-elitism socio-economic subtext for good measure.
rotten	It's the kind of stuff that one can imagine working on the page in 1950, but its visual incarnation via CGI and elaborate production design results in overload
fresh	You'd have to be craving something highly specific and more than a little freaky to be in the mood for Jupiter Ascending, the latest multi-million-dollar weird-fest from the Wachowski siblings, Andy and Lana.
fresh	It's so intricately designed, so expensive looking and so obviously inaccessible to general audiences that its very existence is a miracle.
fresh	The Wachowski siblings' sprawling, mega-sized, enjoyably loopy space lark.
fresh	Fast, frequently teetering on the cusp of the ridiculous, and eye-poppingly pretty, Jupiter Ascending is a wicked slice of entertainment, and a heck of an antidote to the typical February box-office blahs.
rotten	With just a few script tweaks, this long, dull and downright bizarre bore-a-thon could have been more aptly named Uranus Numbing.
fresh	Openly loves the corny nonsense it's referencing and wants to bring it to breathtakingly gorgeous life with all of the money the Wachowskis could spirit away.
fresh	Obsession with reincarnation, blurry gender lines, alternate realities, and new modes of action are just some of the reasons that its diversions are where its at. They're baked into the movie's DNA, even as the screenplay tries to follow familiar tropes.
rotten	Where were the Guardians of the Galaxy when we needed them? If only they had prevented the disastrous atrocity that is "Jupiter Ascending" from infiltrating Earth's movie theaters before it was too late!
fresh	Jupiter Ascending leaves so numb that you'll have pins and needles.
fresh	You get an awful lot of movie for your sixteen - or whatever - bucks with The Wachowski's Jupiter Ascending, a crazy, fun, infuriating, difficult, fun, bonkers, expensive, fun, ludicrous, romantic, fun flick.
rotten	The film is deeply cynical about its special effects, which are employed to deter us from the poor script and performances.
fresh	I still don't know what Jupiter Ascending is about but, wow, what a ride.
rotten	It is the shaggiest of the Wachoski's shaggy dogs.
rotten	Basically, it's Cinderella, complete with sparkly dresses and a magical sky person telling poor Cinders she is actually very special. Truly awful.
rotten	Baffling... (but) a cult classic in waiting.
rotten	While the visuals dazzle, the storyline never grabs hold.
rotten	Never predictable in when it will stun the senses or bore you into submission.
fresh	You can literally feel the sloppy, all-encompassing and not always rational love that its creators have for the material, and their desire to offer up something new is deeply engaging.
fresh	The scale and visuals of this high concept sci-fi spectacle are as extraordinary as the plot is confusing, but you have to hand it to the Wachowskis, in their creation of Jupiter Ascending, there is no shortage of imagination
rotten	Like a gonzo, gazillion-dollar mash-up of 'Plan Nine From Outer Space' and 'Guardians of the Galaxy' steered by a committee of 13-year-old boys hyped on an all-weekend 'Star Wars'/'Star Trek' marathon and fueled by Mountain Dew and Pixy Sticks.
rotten	Part Cinderella wish-fulfillment fairy tale and part corporate-culture critique: Humankind is simply 'a resource waiting to be converted into capital,' sneers villainous Eddie Redmayne.
rotten	A muddled fantasy pours on the visual stimulation
rotten	It's as if the Wachowskis saw what Thor got away with (silly aliens, dynastic rivalries, re-writing the history of earth, elaborate mythologies, and enough Freud to confuse you for a lifetime) and said, "Hey, we want to do that."
rotten	Alas, it's a bit too earthbound.
rotten	A Wachowski film now, more and more, belongs to that subset of sci-fi embarrassments that go for broke and mistake speculative fiction for costume pageants.
fresh	Since this is a Wachowski offering, the visuals are frequently stunning in an overwhelming manner, and scene after scene is quite entertaining. There is a problem, though, with the casting.
rotten	We've all been waiting around for them to give us another Matrix, but as the last 15 years-15 years!-have ground on, it has becoming increasingly clear that they learned the wrong lesson from that movie's success.
fresh	The movie features so many royal machinations, it could be the pilot for an SF rival to "Game of Thrones." Along with all that plot, the Wachowskis offer exactly one idea.
fresh	It's big. It's goofy. It's highly imaginative. It has a little something on its mind. And it's fun. In other words, it's a film from the Wachowskis.
rotten	To the extent we still demand rich characters and sensible plotting, the Wachowskis' latest is a few planets short of a galaxy.
rotten	The Wachowskis have seldom disappointed but frequently bewildered with their varied choices and willingness to experiment within the Hollywood big budget formula, which makes Jupiter their strangest concoction yet - a purely conventional one.
rotten	A lot of people spent a lot of time and a lot of money making a lot of movie, but there's not much there.
rotten	Stunning images, silly story.
fresh	The movie as a whole has a generic, lazy quality to it. Which is shocking, considering the source. Even Cloud Atlas was far more ambitious than this.
rotten	This joyless, twisted tale of royal interstellar intrigue looks gorgeous on the screen, but the story stalls out and falls flat. The story gets tangled up in convoluted plot twists and half-revealed schemes that choke the life out of it.
rotten	A film that begins with the line, "tonight the sky is full of miracles" is downhill from there.
rotten	The Wachowskis create a churning, swooping C.G.I. universe that's decorated to the corners of the frame without taste or imagination.
rotten	Jupiter Ascending vibrates like an episode of Star Wars retold by a teenager on Red Bull, a cacophony of nonsense that peaks with poor Sean Bean telling us that "bees are genetically designed to recognise royalty".
rotten	One wild, wacky mess of a movie.
rotten	Everything about this movie is overcooked. The sets are overdesigned, the action is over scored and the mythology overworked.
fresh	When it comes to bonkers, overcooked, overambitious sci-fi, writer/directors Andy and Lana Wachowski really are in a world of their own.
rotten	Jupiter Ascending can be visually engaging at times, but its storyline is tiresome and its special effects are more cluttered than Transformers. Its more of a motivational video for janitors than a satisfying piece of entertainment.
fresh	Jupiter Ascending is a fascinating and beautiful movie that might have a problem connecting with the average filmgoer, and that's a shame.
rotten	A girl from the "projects" would rather stay put than be the hereditary Queen of a bunch of planets including Earth. Reincarnation gets a slap in the face. The reconstituted Queen hates her kids.
rotten	You have to hand it to the Wachowskis, even when they don't quite pull it off, they fail in new and interesting ways.
rotten	A cosmic misfire: spectacular to look at but spectacularly silly... Mila Kunis goes from scrubbing toilets in Chicago to being hailed queen of the universe but the movie goes right down the pan.
rotten	There's actually a seed of a good idea buried in Jupiter Ascending ... But the entire project suffers from a severe case of overkill, with the Wachowskis offering too much arid exposition and too many artless explosions.
rotten	Inanely scripted and flamboyantly directed, it's a preposterous cinematic disaster - with vivid, eye-popping visual effects more suited to video games.
rotten	It's a high-minded exercise in spectacle over substance that winds up getting lost in space.
rotten	Don't even get me started on the aliens, many of whom would have been turned away from the cantina door in Mos Eisley.
rotten	Jupiter Ascending is a baffling mix of material that is both impressively innovative, and utterly ridiculous.
fresh	Jupiter Ascending... is a visually stunning space opera that will remind you of Guardians of the Galaxy set in a sci-fi version of the Game of Thrones universe... [or] sort of Maleficent and Star Wars combined in superhero genre form.
rotten	Redmayne's farcical grandiosity harkens back to science-fiction serials of the 1930s, but unfortunately so does Jupiter's passivity throughout the film.
rotten	For all the elaborate backstory, nothing feels particularly original, and the Wachowskis struggle to find a coherent tone, with the jokey segments mostly falling flat.
fresh	Tatum, Kunis, Redmayne and the rest of the space kids gang are pawns on a chess board. Thankfully, Bobby Fischer is moving the pieces.
rotten	Two years from now, when you're home with the flu and it pops up on cable, you may well kill two hours watching it. That's really the only circumstance under which this ridiculous mess is likely to be acceptable.
rotten	Jupiter Ascending is inane from first frame to last - the dialogue is so clunky, I wondered if George Lucas had been brought in to do the rewrite.
rotten	There are rat-faced or bat-winged minions for cosplay geeks, and Tatum shirtless much longer than necessary for Magic Mike fans. Jupiter Ascending has something for everyone and nobody at the same time. Could be worse. Could be Cloud Atlas.
fresh	Upon exiting, my wearied delight with Jupiter Ascending coexisted with pure bafflement. But I exited knowing that I'd seen a movie no other filmmaker could have made.
rotten	This sci-fi-inflected fantasy has many a wince-worthy romantic exchange between stars Channing Tatum and Mila Kunis.
fresh	This movie often plays like a super-expensive, 21st-century version of one of those "Star Wars" knockoffs made around 1980 by people who weren't George Lucas.
rotten	This self-indulgent, stupid and most unsatisfying feature will quickly descend into the realm of historic cinematic turkeys.
rotten	The only reason to see this movie is to watch the 3-D and the special effects but, good as they are, they are certainly not worth 127 minutes trapped in a theater with Channing Tatum and this story.
rotten	Is there now enough evidence to support the idea that [The Matrix's] pop brilliance, its kinetic-yet-smartly-allegorical storytelling, was an anomaly?
rotten	Jupiter Ascending suffers from stupid. And deja vu. And a lack of discipline. And filmmakers who either can't make another good film -- let alone a great one -- or don't care to.
rotten	There's an escapist summertime space opera buried here somewhere, but Jupiter Ascending's surface is not nearly entertaining enough to encourage us to look for it.
rotten	The script is fraught with cheesy lines and more than a few embarrassingly stupid moments.
rotten	"Jupiter Ascending" is a planet-sized dud.
rotten	The film gets sabotaged by overly long battle scenes, and an unconvincing love story.
rotten	A wonderful screensaver of a movie.
rotten	Jupiter Ascending's early cleverness dries up quickly, especially when Kunis is offscreen, leaving us with just another incoherent sci-fi spectacle.
rotten	It might become a midnight cult favorite a few years down the road, when its inherent awfulness reaches it's-so-bad-it's-good status.
rotten	Perilously close to being "The Space Princess Diaries."
rotten	This kind of pandering FX padding, unnurtured by humor or heart, is what shifts Jupiter Ascending from a shambles to a fiasco. The Wachowskis wind up where you never expected to find them creatively: on the ropes.
rotten	Likely to go down as one of Hollywood's costliest and biggest messes. (Full Content Review -- Sex, Profanity, Violence, etc. -- for Parents also available)
rotten	In spite of Andy and Lana Wachowski employing enough effects and CGI artists to populate a mid-sized city, Jupiter Ascending does more descending than ascending.
rotten	Dear Diary, Channing Tatum is soooo cute. I wish he'd play a werewolf and fight vampires and wear eyeliner and no shirt.
fresh	Filmmaking siblings Lana and Andy Wachowski never do anything by halves. The Matrix was a genre-changing blockbuster followed by two head-scratching sequels that ramped everything up a bit too much.
rotten	It feels like the Wachowskis got bored halfway through their world building and thought they could distract viewers by having Channing Tatum take off his shirt, shoot things and fly around on magic boots for two thirds of the movie.
rotten	Tatum looks ready for Star Trek night at Magic Mike's
rotten	Jupiter Ascending sure looks nice, but beyond that it's an incomprehensible mess of a story and certainly the last big-budget gasp for the Wachowskis.
rotten	Exhaustingly awful...
rotten	Warner Bros. has this critic's approval to use my quote in Jupiter Ascending's ad campaign: 'It's not as gloriously awful as feared.'
rotten	Why do people keep giving The Wachowskis money to make movies?!?!?!?
rotten	Call it an epic, or an opus, even an opera, just don't call it good science fiction. ...a schlocky movie that has more in common with THE ICE PIRATES than 2001: A SPACE ODYSSEY.
rotten	The only things likely to ascend during the Wachowskis' latest sci-fi soap opera will be your eyes, which may actually swivel in exasperation up and over, allowing you to see your own brain.
fresh	This film doesn't live up to its potential to be this year's great big stupid movie joke because, well, it's all rather enjoyable. Intentionally enjoyable.
rotten	A beautiful muddle from The Matrix-making Wachowski siblings.
rotten	A big, woozy, spacey fairy tale with a science-fiction exoskeleton and a core of pure mush.
rotten	You can feel the Wachowskis trying to inject a sense of humor into "Jupiter Ascending." But too often the laughs derive from unintentional self-parody related to the grandiose over-reach of the Wachowskis' "world-building."
rotten	"Technically, I'm an alien," Mila Kunis voice-overs, by way of introduction to this epically kitschy space opera ...
fresh	It's a drive-in B-movie delight dressed up in full-blown feature finery.
rotten	Make no mistake: Jupiter Ascending is superficially big and goofy and ostentatious. The movie seems too afraid to truly express those qualities, though.
rotten	only thing that could make Magic Mike more desirable to women is to turn him into a dog with eagle wings.
rotten	A beautiful mess better suited for the silent film era where annoyances like plot and a comprehensive script wouldn't be nearly as problematic.
rotten	"Royal bowels" aren't the only thing that stinks in this terrible sci-fi film.
fresh	Often downright silly, even snicker-worthy. It is over the quota for just-in-time saves...And yet, it is fun and there are even a few moments that are shrewdly conceived.
fresh	It's bold, silly, and messy, but it's sincere... You get the feeling the Wachowskis don't care if it makes money, that they'll happily spin their adventure yarns for whoever will listen.
fresh	A grab-bag of things Wachowski, Jupiter Ascending is short of anything new. On its own terms, it's an entertaining action film that doesn't overstay its welcome. But it's less than we expected.
rotten	The universe that the writers-directors have created is so numbingly complex that keeping track of what is going on can cause headaches.
rotten	This unwieldy space opera is huge in scale and spectacle but thin on story.
rotten	A movie so jaw-droppingly awful that you can't wait to see what happens next (and that was without the use of mood-altering substances on my part).
rotten	While the Wachowskis have not lost their visual flair, the disorganised plot loses your interest very early on.
rotten	It would take quite a movie to emerge unscathed from a script which includes the line "bees are genetically engineered to recognise royalty".
rotten	A melodramatic space opera that wears its social commentary on its celluloid sleeve.
rotten	Jupiter Ascending unfolds as a mostly entertaining mess, a cosmic soup of baroque grandeur that the Wachowskis swim happily through, even if few others will.
rotten	I enjoyed this movie more than the last two films from the Wachowskis, the interminable Cloud Atlas and Speed Racer. On the other hand, "The Matrix" it's not.
rotten	[Jupiter Ascending combines] eye-popping special effects with an eye-rolling script for an experience that is, thankfully, unique.
rotten	Watching Jupiter Ascending is like reading a menu of genre munchies at a drive-thru "B" movie burger stand.
rotten	The credits for "Jupiter Ascending" acknowledge nearly 1,600 artists, technicians, visual imagineers, and pixel-pushers who have labored mightily to bring this story to life. Their efforts only reveal the underlying conceptual hollowness.
rotten	A theatrical feature that, in a rational universe, would never have been put in production, let alone seen the light of day.
rotten	It's not bad in that fascinating, Wachowskian way-it's bad in the same way as most bad sci-fi.
rotten	Jupiter Ascending routinely seems flummoxed by its own mythology and characters.
rotten	For the sake of Neo, Morpheus, the red pill, [and] the blue pill... it would be great to report that the Wachowskis indeed got their groove back. But the only groove they're going to see is the one on multiplex floors as moviegoers stampede the exits.
rotten	Jupiter Ascending comes from a wholehearted and yet misguided place of affection.
fresh	a camp cult classic in the making
rotten	A swollen, strangulated film, a mad mishmash of the past 40 years in science fiction that has a half-wolf soldier played by Channing Tatum find and guard Mila Kunis' maid-turned-galactic-monarch Jupiter Jones.
rotten	Just to get everything in, "Jupiter Ascending" frequently has to stop dead for a character to explain something to us that is both complicated and boring.
fresh	Few will be sorry to have seen "Jupiter Ascending." The Wachowskis have devised a compelling universe, and if they want to continue exploring it for a sequel or two, well, for once that's probably a good idea.
rotten	There's simply not enough time to give any of these stories their due, so instead, each one feels abbreviated. Sometimes, during conspicuous editing, you can almost see where more movie was supposed to exist, like a narrative with phantom limbs.
rotten	Instead of a cinematic drag queen like the guilty pleasure "The Fifth Element," "Jupiter Ascending" is a mutant that's mostly dog.
rotten	Sees no need to engage metaphor or dispense with cliche, so when you haven't seen it before, you can't believe what you're seeing. And not in a good way.
rotten	Talk about lost in space.
fresh	Provides such a tilted spin on a familiar genre that it's easy to pardon some of the labored excesses.
rotten	A pretty but empty sci-fi bauble that quickly sinks in its derivative foolishness.
rotten	The Wachowskis have officially begun cannibalizing their own work.
fresh	It feels vitally fresh and exciting. An overload of ideas, energy, ambition and dopey sincerity is always better than a paucity of the same.
rotten	The story is laughably inane and uninvolving.
fresh	The movie's a fascinating mess, grand and gaudy, often hilarious.
rotten	Stay away, stay away.
rotten	At this point, praising the Wachowski siblings as "creators of The Matrix" is like pointing to the boozy, pot-bellied ex-quarterback at a 15th reunion and saying, "Remember that great touchdown pass he threw our senior year?"
rotten	After half an hour, these magnificent images, each one absolutely worth airbrushing on the side of your creepy van, inspire only droopy eyelids.
rotten	For a story that's made up almost entirely of hogwash, Jupiter Ascending never feels as fun as it should.
rotten	Weirdness, exposition, weirdness, exposition, and almost none of it makes a lick of sense. I know I wasn't supposed to laughing at Redmayne but oh, I was.
fresh	If you still have a sense of wonder with which a popcorn movie like Jupiter Ascending can connect, you'll have a good time.
rotten	Like many fantasy features by the Wachowskis, this is a wonder to behold, full of minutely realized gadgetry, but a chore to follow, full of barely realized characters.
rotten	Channing's vulpine hero pales in comparison to a certain Tatooine farm boy, and even though Jupiter Jones ends up looking strikingly Queen Amidala-ish, this isn't even on par with the universally loathed The Phantom Menace.
rotten	For all its valiant attempts to pump some Matrix magic back into science-fiction films, the Wachowskis' ambitious interplanetary thriller Jupiter Ascending amounts to a lot of recycled hot gas.
rotten	May be the Wachowskis' hottest and messiest hot mess yet. It's as ambitious as it is absurd. Well, no ... it's definitely more absurd.
rotten	It's taken 15 years, but the bloated and pitiful Battlefield Earth no longer has to carry the mantle of being the worst big budget science-fiction film of all time.
fresh	The plot thickens. The cosmos explodes. The film is gaga and occasionally glorious. Don't take anyone sensitive to sensory overload.
rotten	Lacks the heart and soul, and especially the visual ingenuity the Wachowskis usually bring to their work.
rotten	The worst movie the Wachowskis have ever made.
fresh	As bad a movie as it is, it's also a singular event, a monument to strange and bizarre decisions stacked one on top of another. Jupiter Ascending is the Winchester Mystery House of movies.
rotten	Jupiter Ascending is only slightly less absurd than Moon Quake Lake, the fake movie within the recent remake of Annie. The difference is that Moon Quake Lake was trying to be ridiculous.
rotten	Both bland and bombastic, Jupiter Ascending shows just how far the Wachowskis are descending as storytellers.
rotten	Not even Channing Tatum and Mila Kunis are enough to save the Wachowskis' gnarly, garish space opera.
rotten	Jupiter Ascending has nothing under its inane surface apart from a vague portentousness untethered to any real stakes.
rotten	If you figure it out, let me know.
rotten	The Wachowskis trade their "Matrix" magic for the silliest space opera since "Flash Gordon."
rotten	Jupiter Ascending is a very special kind of dumb.
rotten	"Jupiter Ascending" promises a galactic ride full of original, thought-provoking science-fiction, but the problem is that The Wachowskis never manage to get their film into orbit.
rotten	A black hole where fun goes to die.
fresh	It's insufficiently silly if anything, and as it wears on it starts to make a kind of sense and even cook. The long stretch where it was barely watchable becomes a distant memory.
fresh	What's sort of remarkable is the way the Wachowskis manage to digest all of their high- and low-brow influences into something like a cohesive worldview.
rotten	This movie is worse than bad. Let's try "epically awful" on for size. "Insanely bloated"; that works. Me, I'll settle for "just plain silly."
rotten	A disaster, a spectacular collapse that can be laid at the feet of the Wachowskis, the brother-and-sister team that took a big-budget challenge from Warner Bros. to deliver an original space opera and spent all the money on set design.
rotten	A stunning, wildly creative book cover with a mediocre story inside.
rotten	From the tedious, exposition-heavy script to the thoroughly bizarre cast trapped in soulless roles, the $175-million "Jupiter Ascending" is an interesting, albeit clunky, mess until it ceases holding any appeal at all.
fresh	Caters to and simultaneously subverts the expectations of both the young adult and hardcore sci-fi/fantasy genres, and emerges victorious over both.
rotten	Somewhere between "wow!" and "huh?" resides "Jupiter Ascending," a nifty looking but ultimately joyless thrill ride that solidifies the siblings as the king and queen of overthinking sure things.
fresh	Jupiter Ascending feels like a truncated, Cliffs Notes version of something that might have worked a lot better as a mini-series. Two hours is too short for this tale and the end result suffers greatly because of that restriction.
rotten	The Wachowskis' vision has turned out to be kitsch: reheated tales of good v evil and interplanetary conflict, all dressed up in HR Giger-meets-RuPaul couture.
rotten	...concludes in a gigantic fireball of insignificance.
rotten	Even the best pulp sci fi cover needs to have something to grab you past that first page
rotten	[Jupiter Ascending] blends astonishing special effects work with plotting that would barely pass muster in a bad Saturday morning episode of Flash Gordon or Mighty Morphin Power Rangers.
rotten	Visionaries often lose their way in their own visions. The majority of moviemakers and movies stick to outdated, predictable formulas and conventions. The Wachowskis, on the other hand, are not afraid to strand you early and often in Jupiter Ascending.
fresh	... the Wachowskis' true follow up to the Matrix series
rotten	It's hard to believe that a movie that contains this much exposition could also be this confusing, but it does and it is.
fresh	The good news is that Jupiter Ascending is actually not bad. But that's not the same as being great - or even good.
rotten	Even if you adore the idea of the Wachowskis, there comes a point when it would be foolish to deny the disappointing reality. That point has arrived, and the film is called "Jupiter Ascending."
rotten	We should expect a little more from the Wachowskis than this.
fresh	It's all very chaotic and entertaining, like a bizarre cult sci-fi TV show that somehow survived a threat of mid-season cancellation.
fresh	It is Moonquake Lake.
rotten	"Jupiter Ascending" is the film equivalent of a baseball slugger unleashing a huge swing and missing.
rotten	The Wachowskis have collected their last blank check from The Warner Brothers
rotten	Considering some of the sci-fi dreck from Hollywood in the last couple of decades, Jupiter Ascending isn't that bad of a film, just one we have seen before in more interesting ways.
rotten	This is wonderfully imaginative when it comes to costume, art direction, special effects, spaceships and incidental alien creatures but stuck with old-hat character types and a resolutely unspecial storyline.
fresh	Jupiter Ascending is everything you'd expect from the siblings' first trip into orbit, a fun, inventive, visually stunning piece of space opera.
fresh	While the universe and lore are notably impressive, Jupiter Ascending doesn't quite reach the starry heights it aspires to.
fresh	The Wachowskis' newest science-fiction fantasy is a visual wonder and a big-screen delight, but it suffers from overly complicated storytelling in service of thin characters and redundant action sequences.
rotten	It plays out like a convoluted mix of The Princess Diaries meets The Fifth Element, with the siblings blending an overabundance of sci-fi premises and visuals.
rotten	Anyone hoping for the old Matrix magic to rematerialize (it's been 15 years) is due for more disappointment.
rotten	Without a doubt, Jupiter Ascending can be powerfully intriguing because it's such an unfiltered, ill-advised misfire, but this long-delayed project is an epic folly that will inspire plenty of snark.
rotten	A disappointing step backwards for the Wachowskis, who lose themselves in an over-designed, underdeveloped 'Star Wars'-style land grab in space.
fresh	You have to hand it to Lana and Andy Wachowski: they don't do things by halves.
rotten	Jupiter Ascending might be a bad movie, but at least it's an entertaining load of old cobblers. This is a hot mess space opera from start to finish.
rotten	Imaginative designs, but otherwise a rote CGI blockbuster that takes no chances narratively, cinematically or philosophically.
fresh	There is no "up" in space, and there is no "the top" over which The Wachowskis will not go in Jupiter Ascending, a sci-fi saga that's convoluted and silly, but also exciting and enthralling over the course of its two-hours-and-change running time.
fresh	An over-stimulating, intergalactic odyssey evocative of The Wizard of Oz.
rotten	Another "Chosen One" story that really feels drawn out and convoluted, crumbling into something tiresome and tedious.
rotten	Blomkamp has retained his flare for gorgeous production design and interesting ideas, unfortunately with Chappie, those ideas are all recognizable from other, better pieces of entertainment.
rotten	Chappie, both the character and the film itself, is a clunky amalgam of mismatched parts.
rotten	A robot with consciousness gets lost in a junkyard of a movie
rotten	Blomkamp is clearly a man of ideas, but with the exception of District 9, he has been unable to fully articulate those ideas through character and action, a problem that is unfortunately confirmed by Chappie's muddled themes and misguided tonal shifts.
fresh	Superbly satisfying on many levels, Chappie might be one of the best movies of the year.
rotten	An astonishing, overstuffed mess, with at least two wholly different plotlines for two completely different movies.
fresh	Chappie the character is endearing enough to elevate Chappie the movie and help overcome some of the film's deficiencies.
rotten	This mash-up makes for a curious movie, one both beholden to its many sources of inspiration, and uncertain of how to use them to pave its way forward.
rotten	It's noisy, bloated, confused, derivative, singularly lacking in point and occasionally obnoxious. But at worst, it's just a forgettable mediocrity -- not some kind of crime against humanity.
rotten	The principal charm of the film arises from Chappie's ears, which prick up and droop like those of a titanium rabbit.
rotten	While not an entirely brainless experiment, too many scrap parts in the script lead Chappie and its cast astray
fresh	Three films into his career, Blomkamp has proven himself as a storyteller with a lot on his mind.
rotten	If only our hero were likable or emotionally compelling, viewers might be able to overlook Blomkamp's frenzied, overreaching plot.
rotten	Chops together familiar ideas and design from many far better features.
fresh	Blomkamp's strength lies in his unabashed populism, an extension of his sympathy with the underdog.
fresh	Violent and disturbing, especially in the implications of its quite brilliant final twist.
rotten	Neill Blomksmp's stylish heavy-metal hardware short-circuits into chaos.
fresh	The emotional power of Chappie's portrayal makes it stirring to watch but it just doesn't feel like enough care was taken with the rest of the film surrounding the robot.
rotten	With 'Chappie,' Blomkamp doesn't have a lot to say, which leaves us with a movie that is all shell and no heart.
fresh	The robot Chappie is brought to life awesomely by actor Sharlto Copley and the boffins at WETA, and much of your tolerance for the film will hinge on whether you find Die Antwoord endearing or not.
fresh	The robot works, and so, too, does Blomkamp's movie.
fresh	[Blomkamp is] back on track with Chappie, the latest in a long line of films about how artificial intelligence inevitably morphs into something far beyond what its Makers -- er, programmers -- intended, sometimes with a sinister turn, sometimes not.
rotten	A film about a machine gaining sentience is going to live or die on selling that central idea, and when it comes to the Turing test, Chappie fails miserably.
fresh	I liked the actors and characters in this film. While some are simple, others are more complex and they evolve. The plot has holes in it, but I was willing to overlook them because the characters are worth following.
rotten	It's a film that knows and loves science-fiction cinema: its grimy dystopian milieu and social conscience marries it, perhaps too closely, to the director's previous films.
rotten	For what it is, "Chappie" has its entertaining bits and will appeal to the younger crowd - not too young since it is rated "R" - but it is too cliched and redundant for me.
rotten	An uneven showcase of impeccable visual effects and lackluster emotional affect.
rotten	The execution of the Chappie character is idiotic, Blomkamp trying to wring laughs out of a robot that spews pidgin-gangster jargon and swaggers while clutching its groin.
fresh	"Chappie, Blomkamp's third film, is a mess. However it's a fascinating, occasionally glorious one that feels, for better or worse, a grimier, more personal movie from the South African director."
rotten	Neill Blomkamp, a maker of science fiction, has so many cool ideas jammed into his movies that coherence becomes a problem.
rotten	While the visual effects are spectacularly seamless, they're in the service of a movie which devolves from vaguely funny to just-plain silly to numbingly gory.
fresh	Here comes the elevator pitch: it's Three Men and a Baby meets Short Circuit via Robocop minus the satire. Bonkers, right? Wait, come back!
rotten	Countless problems plague this misfire by South African director Neill Blomkamp, but above all it's the total incredulity of the narrative concerning the development of the robotic Chappie that crushes it to rubble
rotten	Modern fairy tale, vision of sci-fi dystopia or dark comedy; like the identity crisis of the film's robot, Chappie suffers from not knowing what it wants to be and a script full of dialog for simpletons and nonsensical moments galore doesn't help
rotten	"Chappie" is one of those movies that's forgettable before you even leave the theater.
rotten	Enough with the futuristic plots --- maybe Blomkamp and Tatchell should utilize their talents in a completely different arena.
rotten	Too tonally conflicted to engage our sympathies.
rotten	Chappie's a mechanised Jar Jar Binks.
rotten	Too enthralled by the urgent rush of scenario to pause for the contemplation. It is one of those movies that reacts before it thinks.
rotten	...an R-rated fairy tale with...technology as magic. While 'Chappie' is easy to love, his film fails to elicit the same emotion.
rotten	With a sharper, more satirical script, it might have worked. Which is to really say Chappie kind of sucks.
fresh	There are some great ideas here but they are sadly undermined by a script with a fluctuating level of intelligence.
rotten	Like the director's previous films, it offers intriguing ideas and cool visuals before completely falling apart as a story.
rotten	There are flashes of genius in this recycled robot movie but if feels like Blompkamp is running worryingly short of ideas.
rotten	You may find yourself wanting every character in this thing to die horribly. And quickly.
rotten	It looks like writer-director Neill Blomkamp might be a one-trick pony ... and that one trick was District 9.
rotten	..most of the tonal choices made to flesh this out are disastrous.
fresh	...this film surprised the heck out of me...a lot of action but is still appealing and humorous at the same time, with some sub-themes of personal identity and the ability to take control of one's own existence.
fresh	Vince can't sell his robot to the police because -- get this -- it has too many guns. Bring that bad boy to America, dude. We'll have it inside day care centers in a week.
rotten	There's material in Chappie for a worthwhile motion picture but too little is explored by Blomkamp to make this worth a trip to a theater.
fresh	Chappie succeeds in Blomkamp's goal: exploring a heightened version of childhood development told through the lens of gritty science-fiction and gangster stereotypes.
rotten	One of the most miserable movie experiences of my life.
rotten	Chappie is the second movie in a row in which Blomkamp fails at both social commentary and basic storytelling.
rotten	It may be too sloppy and indulgent to actually call good, but that still leaves room for words like heartfelt, trippy, personal, and even admirable.
rotten	[Blomkamp's] playground here is the same grubby Johannesburg of District 9, but now he's unable to populate it with anything other than the most cliched, grotesque gaggle of dipshits.
fresh	As with District 9, the interaction between the title character and his human co-stars is seamless and absolutely real... In fact, the film's visuals are its primary achievement.
rotten	The film has a sly sense of humor and style to spare; the production design seamlessly integrates futuristic tropes and industrial decay. It just collapses in the third act.
rotten	Blomkamp stages engaging action sequences, but his film's tone switches from violence to campy to drama with dizzying frequency, as the story bounces from interesting, to predictable, to highly illogical, to just plain dumb.
rotten	Uncommonly annoying. Chappie tries to combine the silly sweetness of Short Circuit with the grim, violent satire of RoboCop, and that proves to be as disastrous as it sounds.
rotten	Blomkamp revs the pace up to keep weaknesses from showing, but that doesn't work.
fresh	Chappie is an ambitious futuristic epic that struggles to balance its more philosophical elements with Blomkamp's cartoonish instinct to blow everything to smithereens. Not exactly subtle but still a watchable guilty pleasure.
rotten	As I listened to all this, and periodically checked how much time was left, I couldn't help reflecting that where I come from, Chappie is a dog's dinner.
fresh	The dialogue is simplistic but the film is atmospheric and fitfully entertaining, thanks largely to the charms of Visser and Sharlto Copley, who plays Chappie via motion capture.
fresh	I didn't think there was room in my heart for another kind-bot-in-a-cruel-world. I was wrong.
rotten	This is a huge disappointment considering the ability that Blomkamp has; it's one bad film and I won't overreact...but fans of the "Alien" franchise that he has been taksed to revive might just want to stick with "District 9" and "Elysium".
rotten	Jackman and Patel are largely wasted in their one-note roles, and you'll barely notice Sigourney Weaver
rotten	This is a well-meaning film with a good idea that unfortunately stumbles on its way to its less-than-satisfying end.
rotten	One of those incongruous Franken-films that's simultaneously bombastically brutal and treacly.
fresh	This is Neill Blomkamp's best film since District 9. Despite this being a film that revolves around robots and artificial intelligence, Chappie is one of the most pure, genuine, and heartfelt films to come along this year.
rotten	It's cluttered, goofy and incoherent from beginning to end, and much too long.
rotten	makes the "Transformers" look charming in comparison.
rotten	Change the second letter of the title and you'll have a pretty good description of 'Chappie.'
fresh	'Chappie' has a strong first reel and a satisfying conclusion. (Director Neill) Blomkamp should have sought rewrites and an editor for the sequences in between.
rotten	Underwhelming robot sci-fi thriller is really violent.
rotten	Movies about human-like robots are plentiful and director Neill Blomkamp, who is known for his dystopian stories of the future, adds nothing new to the narrative - except a killer mullet from Hugh Jackman.
fresh	There's something fearlessly uncool about the film, which suffers mostly from being made 30 years too late.
fresh	"Chappie" takes a step back, and rather than pointing an angry finger at human greed, brutality and cowardice, it turns around and suggests that compassion is far more powerful.
rotten	At one point, an anguished Chappie screams out "Why do you humans do this?"-while he is theoretically commenting on the inhumanity of man at this point, I couldn't help but think of it as his plaintive comment on the film as a whole.
fresh	All told, the film has a lot of entertainment value, even if it leaves you feeling somewhat unsatisfied.
rotten	Chappie is a clunky mix: a sentimental comedy-thriller with hideous violence and a profound cynicism about the inexorability of the computer-enhanced surveillance state.
rotten	A loud and unpleasant "RoboCop" rehash that gives us no one to root for and nothing to think about.
rotten	RoboCopy
rotten	"Chappie" is all over the place, employing a cloying, "Patch Adams"-like sentimentality and abandoning logic at every turn.
fresh	Neill Blomkamp rips off themes from better flicks like RoboCop and Short Circuit, adds language, violence and his unique style. If it's your thing, it's not bad.
rotten	There is nothing original and interesting about Chappie. It's a hodgepodge of better science-fiction films from yesteryear whose films have been imitated countless times to no avail.
rotten	Blomkamp never shows authority with anything besides the fluid Chappie visual effects, biting off more than he can chew with this unpleasant, muddled, and unsatisfying actioner.
rotten	This offering not only suffers from a severe case of derivativeness, but sheer stupidity and an overall inability to engage the viewer beyond an occasional moment. (Full Content Review -- Sex, Profanity, Violence, etc. -- for Parents also available)
rotten	Jar Jar wept...
rotten	Chappie kind of looks like Johnny 5 on steroids! Sadly, the steroids have taken away all of his charm.
rotten	If Chappie director Neill Blomkamp's potential sinks any faster he'll be in M. Night Shyamalan territory before too long.
rotten	This admirable misfire is often endearing and Chappie is creatively designed and feels real, but an unsophisticated approach to its subject matter combined with the slight characterisations edges it perilously close to the scrapheap.
rotten	Low on meaning, but full of high-velocity chases, helicopter pursuits, and weapons blasting around empty warehouses marred by graffiti and trash.
rotten	I haven't been as happy to see a movie end since the third "Transformers."
fresh	Perhaps it's a good thing that Neill Blomkamp is moving on to direct an Alien sequel because he's in serious need of a change of scenery.
rotten	Ultimately, "Chappie" is about someone whom you know to have better instincts that you hope win out in the end. After this, you'll feel the same about Blomkamp. It's the kind of bad from which he can bounce back ... but damn, does it hurt to watch.
rotten	Sci-fi filmmaker Neill Blomkamp bolts together used and stolen parts for his robot movie Chappie, and the lamentable result is far from riveting.
fresh	Frustrating, Moving Chappie Is Engaging Despite Itself
rotten	There are some clever and provocative ideas about artificial intelligence swirling around in Chappie, the latest feature from the District 9 director Neill Blomkamp, but much of the film is derivative and messy.
rotten	Neill Blomkamp's choice of having Ninja and Yolandi Visser (or Vi$$er to be accurate), from the South African rap-rave band Die Antwoord, play, essentially, grotesque versions of themselves is disastrous -- a film-sinking folly.
fresh	The fact that the robot is more human than the humans is, to put it in computing terms, a bug, not a feature
rotten	Forget motion capture. This could have done with a bit of emotion capture.
fresh	Even at his shakiest, Mr. Blomkamp holds your attention with stories about characters banding together to emerge from a hell not of their own making, a liberation journey that just isn't the same old, same old when a director was born in South Africa.
fresh	Blomkamp embeds his movie-ostensibly about corporate robot cops taking over crime control in a slightly futuristic Johannesburg-in the music, art and attitude of Ninja and Yo-landi Visser, playing exaggerated versions of their personas in Die Antwoord.
rotten	Chappie struggles not to overplay its philosophical questions, but at the expense of never really letting them land.
rotten	Just when the movie seems to be hitting its stride, Blomkamp and Tatchell fall back on the reliable and the expected.
fresh	A techno thriller about the life of a sentient robot on the mean streets of Johannesburg
rotten	It's just a shame that poor Chappie is stuck in a patchwork collection of cliches and, one can only presume, aspects from Blomkamp's favorite '80s sci-fi films.
fresh	There are some plot-twisting musings on mortality and the soul that are thoughtful, sure. But they aren't thought through half as fully as Blomkamp's ultraviolent battle choreography.
fresh	Never mind that Weaver and Jackman are totally wasted or the laughable lapses in logic, or that it lacks the social resonance of District 9. It's a fun little ride, for at least part of the way.
rotten	Chappie, the robot, gets smart. Chappie, the movie, stays very, very dumb.
rotten	the contrived, confusing mess that's the result speaks volumes for Blomkamp's future in film... as of now, he's fresh out of original ideas
rotten	Like Chappie, the movie seems human, but has a cold metal heart.
rotten	"Chappie" is a movie about the evolution of artificial intelligence that's as dumb as a post. It also marks the continuing devolution of the work of director and co-writer Neill Blomkamp.
rotten	Chappie sets itself up to be a truly breathtaking study of robot and human relations, but just fails to move or compel the audience.
rotten	"Chappie" is as subtle as a sledgehammer. The latest sci-fi action spectacle from "District 9" and "Elysium" director Neill Blomkamp is also sprawling, bombastic, deafening, ugly and ultra-violent.
rotten	There are some nice special-effects here, and great production design, but Blomkamp forgot to give us any characters to latch onto.
rotten	The concept is undeniably compelling, but portions of this dystopian action thriller begin to feel like a video game.
rotten	Like Elysium, this rusty A.I. story is basically just District 9 with a new coat of paint; it's distinguished only by the jabbering, irritating personality of its title character.
rotten	A giant step backward for this once promising filmmaker, a big, dumb blockbuster that's indistinguishable from so many others that roll off the Hollywood assembly line.
rotten	I'd hate to think that a machine could ever replace a film critic, but I'd be curious to know what Chappie would think of Chappie. So much about the film doesn't compute.
rotten	"Chappie" is sappy. There's a better rhyme but it's not a word used in family newspapers.
rotten	Sustains a lively tension between A.I.-smart and comic-book-outlandish until the outlandishness turns to frenzy, the action grows familiar and you yearn for a robot break.
rotten	... once the thrill of the accomplishment fades, it's apparent that Blomkamp the director has been failed by Blomkamp the writer.
rotten	Chappie himself is lovingly and realistically rendered, though his personality shifts so often and so fast that it's hard to know how we should feel about him.
rotten	A morally muddled mess that is convoluted in plot and appallingly simplistic in its themes. I am a sad geek today.
rotten	Featuring a lot of what we have come to expect from Blomkamp in both style and substance, the District 9 director's latest epic is high on heart but low on brains, forgetting that we actually need both to make life happen.
fresh	It's a megabudget backyard wrestling video about a robot rap ninja, and I like that.
rotten	Chappie once again falls short of Blomkamp's debut film, but he still deserves credit for telling an original sci-fi story rooted in real issues.
rotten	Sadly, Blomkamp's ideas feel depleted this time, dulled by repetition and other cinematic droids that stretch from HAL 9000 to Ultron. Instead of awe, we get E.T.-aww.
rotten	The special effects are incredible (especially given the relatively small budget), but the flat digital cinematography renders even the most technically impressive action sequence visually stale.
fresh	The little-robot-who-could is a combination of Sharlto Copley's performance capture work and visual effects artistry, and the end result is remarkable.That may well be enough for Blomkamp fans, but anyone else can expect to be disappointed by Chappie.
fresh	Whether you choose to view Blomkamp's vision of our future as inevitable or as a cautionary tale, Chappie, as with Blomkamp's other films before it, does an excellent job of making the pitfalls explicit.
rotten	The film's exasperating atonality washes out any legitimate idea about identity, education, nature versus nurture, or artificial intelligence that Neill Blomkamp hoped to evince.
rotten	Robot adopted by gangster rappers learns how to love in a bafflingly bad sci-fi outing from the director of District 9.
rotten	It's the audience that's being programmed [here] ... Blomkamp is an outrageously derivative filmmaker, but District 9 is a paragon of originality next to Chappie.
fresh	So kinetic, so captivatingly crackerjack that attention deficit is no danger for the audience even if it is for the artist.
rotten	It's not an interesting failure, it's not over-ambitious - CHAPPIE is just a bad movie.
rotten	If Bono directed films, he'd be Neill Blomkamp.
rotten	With a titanium body and a child's mind, Chappie is a fascinating figure, vividly rendered, enough so that you wish there was a better movie around him.
fresh	Coming on at times like District 9.5, Blomkamp's third movie has just about enough spectacle and quirk to overcome some fairly major flaws, not least of which is an unappealing central trio.
rotten	Another M. Night Shyamalan is the last thing we need, and the first thing coming to mind as Neill Blomkamp's career continues with Chappie. It doesn't take a sixth sense to detect a similar flameout in progress.
rotten	By the time the plot skitters completely off the rails, that Chappie is Blomkamp's best movie is compelling evidence that he shouldn't be the one making them.
fresh	Like its title character, Chappie is stunning to behold and easy to like, but it's still some way from fully developed.
rotten	A misjudgment from metallic head to titanium toe.
fresh	That you can't quite say exactly what "Chappie" means, but you know and feel that it means something, tells you that it's operating on a level beyond consciousness. It's what makes it a work of art.
rotten	Developments become increasingly implausible, even for the world Blomkamp has created. Jackman grows increasingly cartoonish, Weaver is wasted and Patel just sort of exists ...
fresh	This is a terrific small film about artificial intelligence wrapped within a much bigger, less involving action blockbuster.
rotten	Comes across like a work in progress that no sane viewer would wish any closer to completion
rotten	By the end of this weird and whizzing picture, the only resonant thing is the echo of a film that could have been.
rotten	Blomkamp's a far better observer of technological behavior than human behavior; he understands design, but not designers.
fresh	Technically auspicious and socially conscious as only writer-director Neill Blomkamp can be, "Chappie" is exceedingly easy to admire if a little more difficult to fully embrace.
rotten	Can't seem to put the pieces together properly, and Chappie ends up being [Blomkamp's] weakest work yet.
fresh	...a welcome addition to the long and rich history of the robot in science fiction films.
rotten	An uneasy mix of action and philosophy, with simplistic notions of good and evil and mother love proving to be a distraction from the main event.
rotten	Blomkamp's third straight sci-fi thriller with a social conscience fails to reach its concept's ambition with much intelligence or insight.
fresh	Often riveting and always entertaining.
rotten	The picture isn't good enough to earn my full-throated defense. A half-hearted defense will have to do.
fresh	After the disappointment of Elysium, Blomkamp is back on his game.
fresh	A brawny, inventive action romp that's as happy firing rockets at helicopters as it is contemplating the Cartesian model of mind-body dualism.
fresh	Chappie may not scale the heights of Blomkamp's Oscar-nominated debut District 9, but it's still an enjoyable blockbuster that's stylishly-made and doesn't scrimp on entertainment value.
fresh	With its stunning urban landscapes, trash-talking titanium hero and mulleted, God-bothering bad guy (Hugh Jackman, never better), this is hugely entertaining.
fresh	Neill Blomkamp's latest sci-fi spectacular plays a little bit more like a retro mash-up than a fresh and exciting melody. But hey, at least it was mixed by Die Antwoord.
rotten	Excruciating...They gave the "Alien" franchise to this guy?
rotten	Dodgy as it is, there's a nobility and honor to 'Chappie.' Like Copley's probably divisive but game turn, it's committed to a vision.
fresh	Between the charming Copley performance, the ingenious visuals, the absolutely incredible all-electronic Hans Zimmer score, and the propulsive narrative thrust, there is a lot to appreciate and even love about "Chappie."
rotten	You'll be told repeatedly in whispers and shouts, that Chappie has feelings. It's too bad that neither the philosophy nor the pyrotechnics on-screen in "Chappie" can distract you from your own sinking feeling that you've seen almost all of this before.
rotten	Chappie is a bucket of bolts, Blomkamp's desire to say meaningful things outdistancing his ability to say them compellingly.
rotten	After the surprise and promise of District 9, this represents a further downward step for director Neill Blomkamp in the wake of the highly uneven Elysium.
rotten	A robot-themed action movie that winds up feeling as clunky and confused as the childlike droid with which it shares its name.
fresh	It's most insightful in the presentation of its subject's iconic pictures and how it shapes his philosophy and artistic approach.
fresh	The Salt of the Earth travels to the heart of darkness, but thankfully comes out on the other side and leaves you with a hopefulness that no matter what kind of madness and repression happen in the world, there is still hope for humanity.
fresh	Stunning imagery and a stirring story, about Sebastiao Salgado and his 40-odd years of shooting global catastrophe.
fresh	The ubiquitous "Ken Burns effect" of panning and zooming across still images is mercifully absent here. The result feels more like an exhibit.
fresh	"The Salt of the Earth" presents not just a passing of time through one man's remarkable life but a change of perspective.
fresh	Whether capturing human anguish or natural wonders, Salgado has an eye for the transcendent.
fresh	The Salt of the Earth is many things: beautiful, horrifying, moving, stunning. But at its heart, it's deeply humanistic.
fresh	The authenticity and artistry of the images in "The Salt of the Earth" cannot be denied. In any context, they'd be unforgettable.
fresh	The Salt of the Earth is a celebration of the power of art to change the world, as well as an exploration of the considerable toll gifted artists sometimes pay for their talents.
fresh	It presents us with the portrait of a man who started out as an economist, discovered his vocation, travelled the world, immersed himself in his self-imposed task and encountered extremes of human behaviour.
fresh	There is, ironically, a kind of raw beauty in many of these images, even the ones that portray human suffering and death at its most grotesque.
fresh	The Salt Of The Earth is nothing short of fascinating, intimate and moving; yet at times, it's a bleak and often harrowing journey that exposes both the strength and weakness of mankind.
fresh	The film takes its time, and even seems to meander in places. But in retrospect, the path becomes clear: winding steadily towards home.
fresh	The Salt of the Earth, has the power to draw you into its world, transfix, and perhaps eventually transform you.
fresh	Direct-to-camera testimonials are the movie's troubled heart, and raise the inescapable question of what happens to a soul when it gets to the point where it's simply seen too much.
fresh	The film is at times too much in awe of its subject, failing to seriously address oft-expressed criticism that Salgado is a voyeur of global pain. But he's willing to get his hands dirty for real change.
fresh	The combination of talents and temperaments of two great artists makes for a work of such beauty and depth that is, indeed, breathtaking.
fresh	It is a fascinating film, and if it skimps somewhat on the moral complications of this kind of art, it holds nothing back in terms of volume: Image after image grabs our eye and often grips our throat.
fresh	The Salt of the Earth lets us look for a long time and consider Sebastiao Selgado's photography in the same way Selgado might
fresh	This moving, Oscar-nominated documentary is an odyssey of a tragic observer.
fresh	For this career-spanning documentary, director Wim Wenders accompanies the photographer on his travels, the color documentary footage punctuated by Salgados's stunning, minutely detailed black-and-white images.
fresh	There are just as many breathtaking moments to be found in the film as there are in the work it's about.
fresh	Is what we see grief porn or an epic, careerlong study in the best and worst we can find on Earth? See the film and decide for yourself.
rotten	The Salt of the Earth is too stagnant on its own terms...
fresh	Two masters meet, the result is glorious, rich with the contradiction of Salgado's work: beautiful images of the terror of man's suffering on earth.
fresh	The Salt of the Earth is a unique exhibition of beautiful photography, with immaculately filmed glimpses into social issues photographer Sebastiao Salgado's thoughts and process.
fresh	Wenders, hoping to illuminate not just these images but the man who made them, has found an intriguing way to capture both Salgado and his work simultaneously.
fresh	... a picture of the brutal life of survival in the worlds far beyond our shores...disasters, international conflicts, starvation, and exodus, even showing the Zo'e tribe hunting in the uncharted rainforest...a mesmerizing film not to be missed.
fresh	Given this fractured-three-ways perspective, it's surprising how smoothly The Salt of the Earth moves, how gracefully it switches back and forth between the personal and the objective.
fresh	Most of the photographs on view in The Salt of the Earth bear witness to great suffering, and what they exalt is not the photographer's eye but the fearful humanity that binds us all.
rotten	It looks lovely, yet Wenders' worshipful account of Salgado the man feels like a tale half told.
fresh	Years are of necessity telescoped into a hundred nine cinema minutes, through selected representative images.
fresh	Wenders trains his camera on photographer Sebastiao Salgado and the result, though not without flaws, is an invigorating and interesting observation of the man, his work and the entire medium of photography.
fresh	The film is suffused with his anguish over the state of our species, and our planet. Yet it ends with a change of heart and a turn of events that make a plausible case for hope.
fresh	In lesser hands, The Salt Of The Earth could have been indistinguishable from a magazine or online multimedia profile, with no specific life as a film.
fresh	Wenders's reverent enthusiasm for his subject is evident throughout the film, and he details every chapter of Salgado's life with an acolyte's inability to separate the wheat from the chaff.
fresh	The film is, in large part, a story of an artist rediscovering his muse.
fresh	With this heartbreaking yet hopeful new documentary about his life's work, Salgado shares the stories behind these split-second black-and-white moments, giving them even more dimension.
fresh	Wim Wenders delivers another generously appreciative fellow-artist collaboration with this luminous portrait of epic photographer Sebastiao Salgado.
fresh	In a sense this is another Wenders road movie, only it spans an entire life and winds up in locations even more far-flung than usual.
fresh	Many of the images - and Salgado's accounts of taking them - are as soul-shattering as they are breathtaking.
fresh	The movie Wenders and Juliano have made is a tribute that feels both grand and modest in scale: Just as Salgado's photographs do, it extends the notion of friends and family to include every citizen of the world.
fresh	It evolves into an intimate reverie on family and aesthetics, while remaining sporadically attuned to the reflexive and ethical dimensions of ethnographic discovery.
fresh	The documentary may skimp a little on the man, but his art is proudly front and center -- which, one suspects, is perhaps how he'd prefer it.
fresh	Magnificent! It's a dazzling documentary, filled with indelible imagery.
fresh	A voyage into the surreal that stays in the mind, the heart and the throat for many weeks to come.
fresh	If you want to know what it takes to be a world-class photographer, you don't want to miss this movie.
rotten	[Mr. Salgado's] pictures, precisely because they disclose harsh and unwelcome truths, deserve a harder, more robustly critical look.
fresh	Whether you're familiar with Salgado's name and work or not, the documentary "The Salt of the Earth," a popular prize-winner at Cannes and on the Oscar shortlist, will be a revelation.
fresh	A monumental documentary by Wim Wenders on the remarkable photography of Sebastiao Salgado whose work reveals a deep reverence for life.
fresh	The personal and the universal are combined in one, the very best that documentary can accomplish.
fresh	Quite simply the greatest film every made about the art of photography.
fresh	"The Salt of The Earth" is a mesmeric and unforgettable look at the world and it sufferings through the eyes of a remarkably insightful and honorable artist.
fresh	As a celebration of the photographic art of one remarkable contributor, The Salt of the Earth is unparallelled.
fresh	The documentary form seems to bring out the best in Wenders. The Salt Of The Earth is no exception ...
fresh	Wim Wenders confirms his mastery of the documentary form with this stunning ode to Sebastiao Salgado.
fresh	A moving tribute to a peerless talent.
fresh	Despite familiar narrative territory, the film has some big laughs and manages some authentic character dynamics.
rotten	Decent messages in tepid indie dramedy; language, drug use.
fresh	An indie comedy that gets by on the charm of its actors -- Nick Kroll, Rose Byrne and Bobby Canavale -- while asking nothing of its audience and doing nothing more than providing a pleasant 90-minute extension of Kroll's brand into movies.
rotten	A disappointingly familiar, albeit congenial, comedy.
fresh	"Adult Beginners" is one of those agreeable small-scale movies that doesn't seem particularly ambitious; its only goal is to charm, and it does so, irresistibly.
rotten	An extended sitcom with surprisingly little comic bite...just floats along on a current of bland affability.
fresh	"Adult Beginners" doesn't reinvent the comeuppance comedy, and it's a better movie because of it.
fresh	"Adult Beginners" has enough going on to work as a mostly unchallenging time-passer, and nothing more.
rotten	This film finds itself in an unfortunate spot in its involuntary thematic and release-date proximity to [The Skeleton Twins].
fresh	In other words, we're getting a nice, well-written, solid movie about people we believe would actually exist in real life.
fresh	...with as many successes that Adult Beginners has-and they have plenty-there are a number of small flaws that hold it back.
rotten	It's a sitcom setup that husband-and-wife screenwriters Jeff Cox and Liz Flahive manage to (almost) cover with a fresh coat of funny and touching.
rotten	has the misfortune of being an awful lot like last year's Sundance hit "The Skeleton Twins" without nearly as many laughs.
fresh	If you're a big booster of any of the lead actors (I'm something of a Cannavale partisan myself), this will be worth your time.
fresh	Some movies deserve to be treasured, and 'Adult Beginners' is high on my list.
rotten	Every time it steps outside of its comfort zone to address more sophisticated feelings concerning maturation and grief, it loses its personality, resembling any other effort that takes on the pressures of man-child development.
fresh	The kind of comedy that goes down easy even as it looks at the hard stuff.
rotten	New ideas, people. Not asking too much here.
rotten	The director Ross Katz, making his feature directing debut, does occasionally move the camera around, but for the most part he just points and shoots his performers talking, joking, whining, sharing and caring.
rotten	The relative success or failure of "Adult Beginners," directed with a steady, nonjudgmental hand by Ross Katz, depends on how funny you find Kroll. I find him funny-ish.
rotten	Fittingly, the film has an adult beginning before slowly sinking into infantile platitudes.
fresh	It's all very low stakes. We know how this is going to turn out. But it is a pleasure watching Kroll and Byrne to the end.
rotten	A slightly sourish cocktail of bad behavior, wry observation, and commentary on how difficult modern life can be, especially for characters who feel entitled to a better one.
rotten	Yet in the end, Adult Beginners is sort of a mumblecore Jerry Maguire, albeit without the crowd-pleasing catchphrases and mega-watt star power.
rotten	The not-funny-enough dialogue can't mask writer Kroll's unoriginal plot. Still, he can smirk with the best of them.
rotten	Adult Beginners begins with a promise of lifelike spontaneity before it succumbs to rotely written domestic cliches: old wounds that must be healed, timely epiphanies and grossly personal affronts dismissed way too lightly.
rotten	The early scenes are acidly funny... By the end, though, this has turned into a Tim Allen movie.
fresh	It's harmless and mild and likable, but it's also a toothless comedy that should have had some bite.
fresh	Like last year's equally promising The Skeleton Twins, it soars whenever it sticks to persuasively lived-in sibling banter (Rose Byrne is sharp as ever).
rotten	It glides along the surface where conversations that include the question "Are you really happy?" pass for bonding.
rotten	Adult Beginners has a lot of missteps and it doesn't seem to know where it's going. For me, it's going in the "never watching again" pile.
rotten	Given its played-out subject matter and hoary coming-to-terms narrative arc, one's ability to enjoy the film hangs on a tolerance for the ever-popular on-screen man-child.
rotten	Neither dramatic enough to qualify as drama nor amusing enough to completely succeed as comedy, it's the kind of movie that coasts on pleasantness, content to elicit a few smiles before disappearing from memory banks.
rotten	If men-children like Jake don't outgrow telling their stories, their crib will feel like an artistic prison.
rotten	There's never any doubt on the audience's part to rival that felt by the characters in their own lives.
fresh	The cozy look at sibling relationships will remind many of last year's The Skeleton Twins, which like this was produced by the Duplass Brothers.
rotten	The pleasant but forgettable "Adult Beginners" strains a bit too hard for a happy ending, and tends to lay on the schmaltz and metaphors (like the swim class that gives the film its title) with a trowel.
fresh	Married-in-real-life screenwriters Liz Flahive and Jeff Cox can do poignant (not tossing family memorabilia) and clever (connecting Skype, hairspray, and stepparents), though the humor is intermittent.
rotten	An exhausting, predictable bit of tear-jerker fluff with a handful of decent scenes. It's the type of film people who don't take film seriously think is really edgy.
rotten	This comedy-drama never puts a foot wrong. And yet, its stakes are so low, its setup so familiar, that the film's generally effortless flow starts to become a hindrance.
rotten	Perhaps it could have benefited from a little more of the comedic energy and subversive spirit that Bryne, Kroll and Cannavale have all proved more than capable of in previous roles.
rotten	Another indie comedy seemingly inspired by Robert Frost's verse from "The Death of the Hired Man" about how "home is the place where, when you go there, they have to take you in," "Adult Beginners" has everything going for it aside from a reason to exist.
rotten	The blandness of Adult Beginners' characters and story makes it feel much longer than its 90 minutes.
rotten	Amusing, here and there, but entirely too predictable -- especially in casting Kroll as a classic Nick Kroll Summer's Eve sort of character.
rotten	Likable but slight.
fresh	Kroll and Byrne find a palpable sense of care for one another. It helps that Kroll can use his face as well as any actor to draw laughs from the audience, and Byrne can illicit empathy and compassion with her gentle, plaintive eyes.
fresh	A movie worth checking out for the performances, but certainly not for anything else, unfortunately.
fresh	Warm, believable performances by this ensemble.
fresh	A wonderfully cast dramedy about brothers and sisters, growing up, and taking responsibility.
fresh	Adult Beginners feels more like a baby-step in figuring out how [Nick] Kroll will transition to film star, but the potential is certainly there.
fresh	Every arc and every twist is predictable from the get-go and the stakes are pretty low given the circumstances. But, there's something truly cozy about this picture. It's comfort food.
fresh	Adult Beginners benefits from a strong cast that showcases Nick Kroll's ability to blend cynicism and drama, despite working with a story that only offers a few new insights.
fresh	An affable (for the most part) little comedy...
fresh	Rose Byrne and Nick Kroll play a sibling duo navigating their shared and respective crises in this warmly appealing dramedy.
fresh	It's not perfect, but as far as feature debuts go, there's very little you can fault "Adult Beginners" for. Slightly pedantic and maudlin at times, with telegraphed metaphors and rushed pacing, it's still hard to call any of these hiccups major flaws.
fresh	The werewolves you can accept, the humans you can tolerate, but the Christians?
fresh	This duo knows that comedy comes not just from mocking tropes but from mocking the scruffy human pretensions that give birth to them.
fresh	Waititi and Clement pry open the coffin lid and unleash a box-fresh, fang-sharp comedy which goes straight for the jugular.
fresh	"What We Do in the Shadows" is a laugh riot, but by humanizing its characters, it proves to provide a bit of life to those we've seen as nothing but dead.
fresh	Taps a fresh vein of humor to transfuse the horrific and the mundane.
fresh	If Twilight made you queasy and Dark Shadows felt like a missed opportunity, this pitch-perfect genre spoof is worth relishing.
fresh	A movie of biting humor, in the literal sense, but the blood it draws is purely decorative.
fresh	Expertly paced, consistently inventive, and exceedingly good natured. Especially when the splatter is hitting the rafters.
fresh	I'm so sick of vampires I'd have pounded a stake into my own heart not to have to watch this, but it turns out to be a pitch-perfect spoof of MTV's The Real World and a sly satire on millennial slackerdom.
fresh	The New Zealand-made art comedy What We Do in the Shadows is a bracing reminder of how the right burst of energy and style breathes fresh ideas into a genre threatened with creative exhaustion.
fresh	If we see two or three more comedies this year that know what they're doing the way this one does, it'll be a very good year indeed.
fresh	The tone -- deadpan, wistful, silly but never stupid -- is just right and puts "What We Do in the Shadows" next to "This Is Spinal Tap" as a mockumentary that shows its subjects as human -- in this case, inhuman -- in their hopes and fears.
fresh	Maybe it's something in the water Down Under, but these fellows have managed to concoct a whole new perspective on fangsters.
fresh	Even when the laughs are less frequent, they continue through to the end, with plenty of quotable lines.
fresh	Imagine my delight at finding Jermaine Clement and Taika Waititi's What We Do in the Shadows thoroughly entertaining, amusing and even charming.
fresh	We actually start to care about these ridiculous characters because, like the rest of us, they're just trying to survive the inanities of everyday life ... and keep the carpets free of unsightly gore stains.
fresh	Like the mock-doc tone, the vampire parody feels worn out, though the production shows its affection for the tradition and insight about the recent genre.
fresh	Superbly written with sharp humor, fantastic characters, and a well-polished story completely in tune with its source material, What We Do in the Shadows is an uproarious horror comedy that's every bit as funny as Shaun of the Dead.
fresh	Lots to love here. The directors match a universally loved topic with an undertone about life in a very remote city, reflecting the poignant side of being undead in an unlively town.
fresh	In the spirit of This Is Spinal Tap, writer/directors Jemaine Clement and Taika Waititi take us inside the lives of modern-day Wellington vampires and show us that the undead have problems, too.
fresh	Darkly, edgily funny, the mockumentary about four nocturnal, bloodsucking flat-mates in Wellington, New Zealand reduced me to a quivering laugh zombie. It's MTV's Real World meets Hammer Horror with a nod to Christopher Guest.
fresh	Tell your friends you saw the next comedy cult classic before anyone else ...
fresh	A vampire mockumentary that bites into the same vein of Spinal Tap comedy and cranks it up to eleven.
fresh	[T]he filmmakers and the cast have created a world and characters that not only provide opportunities for humor but also evolve with it.
fresh	A send-up of the vampire mythos that's affectionate and genial.
fresh	Shadows takes what could have been a one-joke sketch and turns it into a very funny, and occasionally even touching, take on brotherhood and friendship...It's certainly more authentic and realistic than recent seasons of The Real World.
fresh	"What We Do in the Shadows" is bloody awesome.
fresh	While it's hardly a genre mile-, er, tombstone, What We Do in the Shadows is cleverly executed throughout and occasionally inspired in its affectionate silliness.
fresh	There is so much love and understanding of all the genres the film is skewering that "What We Do in the Shadows" transcends its lowbrow inspirations. It's a real treat.
fresh	Hilarious, with refreshing attention to the gruesome possibilities of the premise, "Shadows" is a creative step forward for Waititi, taking interesting tonal risks while maintaining a steady flow of silly business.
fresh	Brings warmth to its silliness, underscoring its sense of humor with the loneliness of characters doomed to watch their loved ones die.
fresh	The concept could wear thin, but it manages to stay fresh and utterly hilarious. Deserves to be mentioned in the same breath as Spinal Tap.
fresh	The highest compliment to pay this film is to note that it's one of the best Christopher Guest movies that Guest never made.
fresh	...mixes the documentary format with fantasy elements to create some fantastically funny stuff.
fresh	Finally! A vampire movie that doesn't suck!
fresh	... the funniest horror spoof since 'Shaun of the Dead' ... Our Down Under hosts are less interested in creeping us out than in introducing us to the most charmingly dotty homebodies since the Addamses.
fresh	The actors are in character and in sync with the mockumentary brand of deadpan.
fresh	Pleasingly thorough and inventive in its treatment of a well worn subject, and quietly smart about dealing with the way things can change over a few hundred years.
fresh	It's a cheerfully horrific affair, a sanguine comedy that feels more than a bit like a Christopher Guest farce or an elaborate Monty Python sketch, imprinted with the Kiwi comic sensibilities of co-directors Jemaine Clement and Taika Waititi.
fresh	It is fresh, clever and, most importantly, riotously funny.
fresh	No deep meaning or social relevance, only welcome diversion from these troubled times-i.e. superbly silly fun.
fresh	It's good bloody fun just hanging out with the vamps at their house, listening to them squabble, watching them make pottery ...
fresh	A farce nearly on a par with "Zoolander" (2001), "Talladega Nights: The Ballad of Ricky Bobby," (2006) and that gold standard of inanity, "Three Amigos!" (1986).
fresh	You've got to love a thing to skewer it as thoroughly as Taika Waititi and Jemaine Clement do in their delightfully silly vampire mockumentary "What We Do in the Shadows."
fresh	It's funny because of the absurdity of vampires in this context. And it's funny because the context itself is hackneyed to begin with, even if we've never thought so until now.
fresh	A surprisingly delicate vampire spoof that's both hilarious and respectful, and that captures all the silliest, scariest and saddest aspects of the bloodsucking tradition in one delicious package.
fresh	Any longer and it might overstay its welcome, but as is it's perfect, in its own deceptively unassuming way.
fresh	... loaded with inspired sight gags and deadpan one-liners.
fresh	This isn't a blunt-edged satire like the egregious 2010 flop Vampires Suck. The humor is light, sweet, and silly, and never burdened by the trendiness of its conceit.
fresh	Even though mockumentaries and vampires have both been done to death, the movie still manages some good ideas -- and a few hearty laughs.
fresh	"What We Do in the Shadows" is an irrepressibly charming B-movie that never over-stays its welcome, and is both conceptually clever and admirably well-executed.
fresh	An early montage gives a historical representation of each of the four housemates, showing how the bloodsuckers ended up in New Zealand, several group photos worthy of their own prequels.
fresh	Like a Christopher Guest movie with a widow's peak, What We Do in the Shadows depicts a supposed "New Zealand Documentary Board" film gone gruesomely, hilariously awry.
fresh	Just when it looked like the vampire genre had been bled dry, along comes the insanely inspired horror-satire "What We Do in the Shadows" to give it fresh bite.
fresh	At heart a dotty look at oldsters struggling to adapt to an unwelcoming modernity, "Shadows" has the bones of an anarchic sitcom.
fresh	What We Do In the Shadows leaps to the top of the pack, by resolutely sticking to deadpan humour and absurd riffs on the awkwardness of being a vampire in a world made for humans.
fresh	So smart and perceptive about the quotidian ups and downs of its protagonists' lives that it's almost a jolt when, say, they start levitating off the ground or get into a passive-aggressive argument with a pack of werewolves.
fresh	As zom-coms go, though, this one brings a unique bite to proceedings.
fresh	The film not only tweaks the vampire genre by adding a number of mumblecore elements, but also pays a tongue-in-cheek homage to its history.
rotten	What We Do in the Shadows is a perfectly pleasant romp, even if its attempts to have a plot weigh it down.
fresh	Any movie that makes you laugh this hard (even if only sporadically) deserves the shower of praise that's been heaped upon it.
fresh	It succeeds not because it gets the dead-ghoul stuff right (sudden flights, tomb bedrooms, Lestat-like wardrobes), but because it sends up the true-life genre that just won't die.
fresh	What We Do In The Shadows is wonderfully dry and irreverent, playing out something like True Blood by way of Waiting For Guffman.
fresh	Comedy is a very subjective thing and I can imagine people who won't find What We Do in the Shadows funny. But I can't imagine that they have happy lives.
fresh	More often amusing than gut-busting, but it doesn't wear out its welcome, and that's fairly impressive in itself.
fresh	Is this New Zealand mockumentary just one comedy sketch stretched to movie length? Maybe. But when the aging vampires hit the town to party with werewolves, zombies and humans, you won't be able to wipe the smile off your face.
rotten	Most of the best gags are in the early going and the film seems ever more stretched and thin as it goes on. It would have made a brilliant eight-minute sketch, though.
fresh	A deadpan one-joke vampire mockumentary that wrings every possible laugh out of that one joke.
fresh	A fresh, unexpected and welcome take on vampires-from New Zealand, of all places.
fresh	Proves that some tropes, like the undead and roommate problems, are eternally funny.
fresh	Waititi and Clement bring to the material the same deadpan, straight-faced sensibility that paid such rich dividends in Flight Of The Conchords.
fresh	An endearingly dorky undead heart beats in this vampire mockumentary by two of the creators of HBO's "Flight of the Conchords."
fresh	What We Do in the Shadows is never as self-conscious as you fear it might be, and it has some of the loose, wiggy energy of early Jim Jarmusch, only with more bite.
fresh	What We Do In The Shadows boasts the subtle wit of a Christopher Guest mockumentary without disregarding a vampire film's bloody nature, scoring memorable laughs through satire and gore alike.
fresh	While parodies and spoofs have a long cinematic history, rarely do such works possess this kind of narrative cohesion and emotional integrity.
fresh	I found myself cackling at "What We Do in the Shadows" like a witch with a helium balloon.
fresh	What We Do in the Shadows breathes new life into both the mock doc and horror spoof genres, two formats that have long been thought -- creatively anyway -- dead.
fresh	Genius.
fresh	If you're fan of vampires and vampire lore, there's no doubt you'll dig this. If these guys represent the voice for spoof movies moving forward, we're in a really good place.
fresh	Taps a rich vein of comedy.
fresh	The Kiwi team have brought a surprisingly fresh - and fetid - tone to this consistently amusing mockumentary.
rotten	While individual gags and cineliterate nods (from Nosferatu to Blade) may have comical bite, there's not enough meat to sink its feature-length fangs into.
fresh	There's little about the film you would call profound or sophisticated. But it has at least one very funny line a minute, and it's amazing what legs the basic joke has.
fresh	Aside from being flat-out hilarious, this vampire-themed reality TV spoof actually has some pungent things to say about friendship in the 21st century. Not that it's ever trying to make a point.
fresh	The film does repeat itself and seems a little stretched at feature length -- but there is plenty of hilarity along the way.
fresh	What We Do in the Shadows is the vampire mockumentary you've been longing for.
fresh	Among the tide of low-fi productions based around an amusing (or scary) concept and a couple of improvising actors, this smart, canny and often hilarious comedy truly stands out.
fresh	This delightfully deadpan spoof about a ragtag bunch of Kiwi vampires breathes new life into the mockumentary format.
rotten	Obvious, schoolboy humour amounts to very little indeed.
fresh	One of the funniest comedies of the year.
fresh	A full-blooded delight then.
fresh	After a while, I was embarrassed at myself for giggling so much.
fresh	Here it is at long last: a truly great vampire comedy. And also the funniest horror film to come out of New Zealand since Braindead.
fresh	Ultimately, this is just one joke stretched out, but thankfully for our resident filmmakers, it's a really bloody funny one.
fresh	An absolutely hilarious mockumentary combination of utter silliness, social satire, pop-culture cramdown, and heartfelt pathos. And vampires.
fresh	This isn't much more than a series of ridiculously dotty sketches, and might have worked better as a sitcom, but it's surprisingly hilarious.
fresh	An infectiously silly, frequently funny vampire mockumentary which is brought to life by a combination of impressive improvised dialogue, high-spirited performances and a keen knowledge of vampire mythology and motion pictures.
fresh	89 minutes of sharp mockumentary hilarity, exposing the oddest of horror motifs and myths to a puncturing modernity. And all this without a single fang pun...
fresh	Very funny, very silly.
fresh	Taika Waititi and Jemaine Clement's mockumentary about the undead keeps the genre alive and well.
fresh	What We Do in the Shadows is a sharp little character-driven comedy that gets its laughs not so much from the plot but simply from its cast of weirdos.
fresh	The question should be, does it have a new thought, a new energy? I would say yes, even without the driving force of a real story. There are moments of unexpected grace, as well as visual invention.
fresh	Where this documentary shines is that it creates empathy for its subjects. It's not their fault that they were bitten centuries ago. They're just trying to make the best of the situation.
fresh	When there's no more room in hell, the dead will move to Wellington, apparently. Director Taika Waititi is joined behind the camera by Flight of the Conchords' Jemaine Clement for the murderously funny mockumentary... This thing is a fiendish delight.
fresh	Filled with throw away humour and occasional LOL moments of the ghoulish kind, the film's technical achievements help audiences take it seriously while at the same time laughing along with the comedic ideas.
fresh	The biggest criticism of What We Do In The Shadows is that it's so unrelentingly funny that you'll miss half the jokes through laughing
fresh	Just like the addictive bloodlust these characters have, What We Do in the Shadows is a film that demands repeated viewings with its ever quotable dialogue and wacky situations where the supernatural meets the mundane to gut-busting results.
fresh	An instant classic ready for enduring cult success.
fresh	The tight 85 minutes has been ruthlessly pruned from many hours of improvisations.
fresh	Does for vampires what This is Spinal Tap did for rock bands.
fresh	More deadpan, clever, and silly than it is simple, "schticky," or mean-spirited.
fresh	Taikia Waititi and Jemaine Clement's rollicking mockumentary "What We Do in the Shadows" shows us that bloodsuckers have banal problems, too -- like getting along with roommates.
fresh	What We Do In the Shadows is the type of little movie that you watch and feel like you've discovered something really special. It's a total surprise; a silly, scary delight.
fresh	The funniest mockumentary film since Best In Show.
fresh	Like a lost Hammer horror film from the seventies, only intentionally funny.
fresh	It shouldn't work as well as it does, but funny is funny, and this one had me cracking up often...
rotten	Some genre fans who prefer the silly to the satiric may bite, but the anemic pic isn't remotely weird or witty enough for cult immortality.
fresh	However tired one may be of the mockumentary format, the shtick is well suited for this material; in fact, it's easy to imagine a straighter storytelling approach falling flat or playing like an Addams Family rip-off.
fresh	It's a provocative and jester-type of film that dares you to have a good time while it churns your guts.
fresh	There are plenty of satisfying moments throughout, enough that perhaps it's better to think about how this would play as a weekly series.
fresh	The film is a subversive satire that shines a light on the daily inequities that plague us, and the reality that most people simply either overlook, ignore or apathetically accept them.
fresh	Six apocalyptic Argentine stories of revenge combine in this hugely enjoyable and extreme anthology.
fresh	Narrative lapses notwithstanding, [director] Szifron's sense of timing and his immaculate control of tone cannot be doubted.
fresh	These tales don't overlap, but Wild Tales definitely felt like the closest thing to Pulp Fiction since Pulp Fiction.
fresh	There's a fine line between clever and smug, and Szifron rides that line hard, reveling in the brutality and explosive emotions on display.
fresh	Wild Tales isn't much interested in tender sensibilities -- rather, it trades in deliberately outraging those sensibilities in bleakly funny and anarchic ways.
fresh	The deft mix of tones keeps Wild Tales fresh and surprising.
fresh	Succeeds not only by being outrageously entertaining, but by functioning as a sort of hellish magic mirror ...
fresh	Made for modern-day moviegoers who don't want their films TOO messy (a la Un Chien Andalou, Multiple Maniacs or Eraserhead), Wild Tales is more often like mild tales, yet that's not necessarily a knock.
fresh	A splendidly anarchic portrait of a world on the verge of a nervous breakdown.
fresh	There are plot twists, to be sure, and some very polished filmmaking.
fresh	Very few films have been as appropriately titled as writer/director Damian Szifron's omnibus black comedy Wild Tales.
fresh	Each morsel of well-rounded, perfectly structured storytelling becomes part of a coherent, exuberant whole, linked as much as anything by a potent political anger directed against inequality and abuse, be it emotional, physical or economic.
fresh	Wild Tales is a riotously entertaining collection of short stories linked by a common theme: people losing their self-control and self-respect.
fresh	Wild Tales is a raucously entertaining collection of "six deadly stories of revenge". The brilliance of the film (produced by Pedro Almodovar) lies in its combination of excess and ordinariness.
fresh	Rather as if a collection of Roald Dahl's darker Tales Of The Unexpected had been re-set in an Argentina riddled with crime, petty corruption and crazy road rage ...
fresh	Portmanteau films are not that common, or usually successful, but Argentine writer-director Damian Szifron has fashioned a collection of six payback stories with visual flair and a wicked sense of humour.
fresh	What it is is a lot of fun, pulling a steady stream of I-can't-believe-I'm-laughing-at-that laughs out of the viewer.
fresh	From Argentina, this Oscar-nominated collection of six short, sharp stories leaves us gasping for breath due to both riotous black comedy and deeply unnerving plot twists...
fresh	Filmmaker Damian Szifron must have had a difficult childhood. Or else he just loves - don't we all? - dark stories in which logic is an extension ladder from Earth to Hell.
fresh	[Wild Tales] plays like a series of short stories as it delves into characters who finally give in to their rage. As you might expect, it doesn't always end well.
fresh	Broad strokes, dexterously delivered.
fresh	While it's boiling over, it's satisfyingly snippy fun - the movie equivalent of cutting three inches off a cheating ex's trousers.
fresh	Perversely entertaining.
fresh	How to discuss this giddily inventive Argentinian feature without ruining its many surprises?
fresh	A delicious chocolate box of nastiness.
fresh	This anthology of six bleakly funny shorts is a mixed bag that ranges from anticlimactic but intriguing to 'Oh my God, did I just laugh out loud at that?'
fresh	Of the six tales on offer, four are excellent and one decent - a high strike rate for a compilation.
fresh	The funniest of the six stories is a brilliantly extended riot of absurdly brutal road rage.
fresh	The film is not an advance, in themes or style, over such predecessors as the omnibus horror thrillers of the 1960s and '70s; but at its best it's a lot of fun, and it's filled with memorable performances and characters.
fresh	Like Tarantino's films, Wild Tales will rub some the wrong way by taking glee in the violence that comes from our worst selves, but the catharses have a positive social function...there's no doubt Szifron intends cautionary Tales.
fresh	Savage Humor, Bitter Irony at the Core of "Wild Tales."
fresh	Szifron brings everything to the table here: anger, rage, betrayal, malice aforethought and panic. But he leavens this with humor, style, cleverness and wit.
fresh	Revenge may be a dish best served cold, but the dark comedy Wild Tales (Relatos salvajes) argues that payback is more satisfying when it's doled out in fiery, bloody and outrageous doses.
fresh	Written and directed by Argentina's Damian Szifron, this brilliant black comedy will make you laugh or drive you crazy. Maybe a little of both.
fresh	A film like "Wild Tales" might be able to remind us that "an eye for an eye" leaves the whole world blind. Even if it doesn't, it's still a heck of a lot of fun to watch.
fresh	Wild Tales - Relatos salvajes in its original Spanish - is, indeed, savage. And surprising. Your jaw will drop, your head will shake, more than a few times.
fresh	"Wild Tales" has been described as a movie about revenge, but I'd refine that to say that the movie gives us variations on the theme of outrage, the world's most fashionable and contagious emotion.
fresh	Entertaining, over-the-top and more than a little anxiety-inducing.
fresh	Though the inventiveness tends to run down as the film runs on...Szidron's sextet remains intriguing to the end.
fresh	One of the most inventive, entertaining Foreign Language films of 2014.
fresh	Along the way, Szifron probes some interesting modern philosophical questions.
fresh	If everyone behaved the way the characters in Wild Tales behave, civilization would crumble. But the real take-away lesson here is how easy it might be for any of us, swept up in a moment of bloodlust, to consider pure raging hostility a fair trade.
fresh	By sugarcoating gratuitous violence with lethal doses of humor, Damian Szifron's eye-for-an-eye satire emerges equal measures fun, cathartic and enlightening.
fresh	Outrageous, rude, a refreshing change of pace.
fresh	A banquet of bad behavior.
fresh	Szifron gives us a window onto other people's worst impulses rather than a mirror reflecting our own; the laughs come fast and full, and they come a little too easily.
fresh	With the darkest of humour, it graphically illustrates what happens when the stress of 21st century living causes regular citizens to "go postal."
fresh	Some of it is funny, most of it is puzzling, but when Szifron locks into the weirdness of the moment, stacking coincidences and playing with puzzled reactions, "Wild Tales" finds a welcome shot of mischief.
fresh	While the film has all of the inconsistencies apparently native to the genre, what it has is a surly attitude, a scathing wit, and a fresh directing voice in Damian Szifron.
rotten	Maybe the first tale in Wild Tales is too strong ... It's so successful, in fact, that each of the following five stories pales by comparison.
fresh	The half-dozen chapters vary in length and subject matter, but not in style or the efficiency of their message.
fresh	With Wild Tales, Szifron announces himself as a talented molecular mix of Tarantino, Rodriguez, Spielberg and Almodovar with an eye for crisp editing and gorgeously composed widescreen imagery.
fresh	Each time one of the stories seems to zig when it should have zagged, here comes the zag, arriving with absurdity and logic and to coolly cruel conclusions.
fresh	A satirical masterwork. You don't need to be Argentine to get it; you simply must be a citizen of the world.
fresh	The nuances are perfectly articulated, the observations expertly perceived and the tragedies heart-wrenchingly realised.
fresh	A wickedly funny, perceptive and smart roller coaster ride of emotions that walks a fine line between comedy and tragedy.
fresh	Wild Tales is both great entertainment and great cinema, in that it sucks you in while also making you appreciate its skillful, inventive execution. This is, in every conceivable way, an exhilarating film.
fresh	Whatever the style, the point is blunt, reductive: Civilized humans can transform, in an instant, into blindingly destructive forces of nature. Not exactly an original thesis, but as a source of movie fodder, it's scarily entertaining.
fresh	There's plenty of visual inventiveness along the way, and moments that are both funny and twisted along with a healthy dose of violence for genre aficionados.
fresh	A clever collection of short films that coalesce around a central theme, wielding humor and horror in equal measure.
rotten	This is a crowd pleasing movie... Sad to say, I'm not in agreement with the crowd...
fresh	Damian Szifron spins a series of superior yarns, all of them unpredictable yet at the same time recognizably human. Any anthology film runs the risk of being judged by its weakest link, but there's not a single dud in the bunch.
fresh	If you've ever fantasized about busting up somebody's nuptials, this movie is for you.
fresh	Argentina's nominee for the foreign-film Oscar is a farce about revenge that is feral, ferocious and gut-bustingly funny. You'll laugh till it hurts.
fresh	Wild Tales aims to entertain and send its audience home with an artificial relief that will rub off on even the most cynical of human souls. Why resist it?
fresh	Film-making at its most friskily entertaining and surprising. Even if it doesn't win the Oscar on Sunday, it's a film to be prized for its audacious energy.
fresh	Feels as amazingly cohesive as it is relentlessly clever and entertaining.
fresh	In between its shocker start and equally startling windup, this Argentine anthology offers up a scabrous, often unsettlingly funny look at human behavior in extremis.
fresh	You never lose interest for a moment, and the images are often striking: Javier Julia did the stylish cinematography. Yet there's little lift from the carryings-on, not much buoyancy in the misanthropy.
fresh	The film is an anthology - a collection of six separate and unrelated stories - every one of which lives up to that title.
fresh	Well-acted, cleverly written and exquisitely crafted.
fresh	Six unrelated tales examine how dignity and propriety shut down in the face of anger, exasperation or the lure of a quick buck. All are funny because all feel true.
fresh	A collection of six vignettes all connected by themes of victimhood and vengeance, and spring-loaded with ironic twist endings worthy of O. Henry, the film feels like Pulp Fiction filtered through the baroque pop sensibility of Pedro Almodovar.
fresh	You're sorry when one episode ends; you can't wait for another to get to the gruesome point.
fresh	In its gaudy, predictable way, "Wild Tales" is enormous fun, and the consistent wit of the quiet stretches shows there's more to Szifron than shock tactics.
fresh	it's clear that Szifron is working from a deep well of imagination about how much people are willing to spite themselves in order to take down perceived enemies.
fresh	Six parables about revenge in the face of injustice, power, stupidity, and betrayal.
fresh	Wild Tales has so much feral, prickly energy that it gives off warmth rather than coldness.
rotten	Each of the segments involves violence and illustrates the arrogance of the wealthy and powerful, but their moralizing is as facile as the plotting is mechanical.
fresh	Each of the six vignettes that make up this unusually energetic anthology pertains to the methods of calculated mass dehumanization that are (barely) hidden beneath the practices of social institutions.
fresh	Each of the stories in Wild Tales could have been a full-length movie in itself, but each vignette is so exquisitely crafted, the sequence so carefully chosen, that the six fit flawlessly together.
fresh	Wild Tales is the very definition of a crowd-pleaser.
fresh	Szifron's voice is nonetheless very much his own, a mischievously blunt response to a culture of inescapable corruption, economic and social inequality and injustice.
fresh	Above all, note the ratio of laughter to mayhem, which remains high in Wild Tales despite the continually mounting pile of corpses.
fresh	A wickedly delightful compendium of six standalone shorts united by a theme of vengeance -- the kind that explodes in spectacular bursts after a put-upon soul is screwed over too many times.
fresh	Its tales of the unexpected have twists and turns, but they're always innovative, and the music choices are unexpectedly left-field and pulpishly entertaining.
fresh	Rather than being straight-up Tales from the Crypt grotesques, these vignettes are tinged with class consciousness and shadowed by the fallacy that revenge is empowering.
fresh	Easily the funniest satire of the year.
fresh	Like an act of revenge, Wild Tales probably isn't healthy or edifying, but damn, it feels good. Highly recommended.
rotten	Revenge may be a dish best served cold, but Argentine writer-director Damian Szifron allows it to sit until it congeals in the dreary six-part anthology "Wild Tales."
fresh	Hilarious black comedy reminiscent of Warner Brothers cartoons at their most violent.
fresh	This dark comedy bears a resemblance to the likes of British sketch show The League of Gentleman, deranged, surreal and absolutely hilarious in parts.
fresh	An exemplary example of how to combine multiple stories in a coherent, complementary and often exhilarating manner.
fresh	Perhaps the biggest surprise of all is that this phalanx of stories doesn't have a weak point.
fresh	Wild Tales gets off to an impressively electrifying start...
fresh	Each story unfolds concisely, establishing the characters and situation, building up the tensions and some laughter along the way. In such a short screen time, we barely know these characters but we relate to them.
fresh	Wild Tales is an insanely fun ride that marks Szifron as one to watch in the Argentinian cinema scene.
fresh	Ideally structured and often wickedly dark.
fresh	More than anything else, Wild Tales is to be recommended to the sheer fun of the experience.
fresh	An exciting and energizing achievement in film-making, a truly funny work that's equally deep and philosophical, all while not taking itself too seriously.
fresh	...it only cements Szifron's clear talent...
rotten	As in the episode with the engineer turned terrorist, where restitution of the family unit supersedes revolutionary politics, it's clear that Szifron lacks Almodovar's truly confrontational sensibility.
fresh	If you don't see a part of yourself in some of these stories, I suspect you are living in La Denegacion.
rotten	A viewer can be forgiven for violent eye-rolling.
fresh	The result is not the most explosive -- nor organic -- romance. Still, it swirls and settles in interesting ways.
fresh	[A] quiet, aching film ...
fresh	Giroux's refusal to pass judgment on his characters prevents us from doing so, and the film is much more powerful for it.
fresh	"Felix and Meira" appears to be a simple movie about fitting in, acceptance and sacrifice. Yet it's so elegant and poses many different sides that it's actually a very complex film with very complex characters.
fresh	It's always gratifying to see a movie in which an ostensibly closed-off community is depicted humanely rather than voyeuristically.
fresh	Luzer Twersky as Shulem, Meira's controlling husband, is a fine example of the film's willingness to extend empathy to all of its characters, and its refusal to pigeonhole them into a black and white moral landscape.
fresh	Giroux mistakes long, wordless scenes of characters gazing at each other for tenderness, but he imaginatively uses gospel music as the forbidden food of love ...
fresh	It may lack the heat of supposedly similar films about unlikely love, but that doesn't mean that it's short on romance. Felix and Meira's interactions are imbued with longing and desire that is impossible not be swept up in.
rotten	It tells a not-especially-interesting story about a not-especially-interesting couple from two different worlds that goes on and on before reaching its not-especially-interesting conclusion.
fresh	Felix and Meira makes fascinating observations on forbidden love and as well as on the Hasidic community. Although its pace is sometimes pokey, it's a movie offering nice rewards to the patient.
fresh	Director Maxime Giroux tells his tale in quiet, patient long takes that can be coolly serious at some times and disarmingly deadpan-funny at others.
fresh	This tenderly observed love story (by the director, Maxime Giroux) isn't about religion - or its lack - but about the attraction of difference and the undeniable need to feel alive.
rotten	What's missing here is the vitality and sense of release the couple's romance should bring. Felix and Meira continue to pine and mope; the movie mopes with them in exhausting, often awkwardly intrusive detail.
fresh	Felix & Meira eventually proves to have more in common with Fill The Void, and with Burshtein's effort to depict Orthodox Judaism as more than just a women's prison, than it had appeared.
fresh	A broadly moving portrait of the various roles that faith can play in a relationship.
rotten	Tender, heartfelt and exquisitely dull, the drama "Felix and Meira" illustrates the perils of trying to tell an emotional love story with meaningful stares and long pauses.
rotten	"Felix and Meira" is tender and sad, and wonderfully shot in snowy Quebec, but ultimately fails to connect. It's such a gentle whisper of a film, it's hard to hear what it wants to say.
fresh	Felix And Meira has the somber tone of a romance couched in painful sacrifice, but there's also sweetness and joy in Meira slowly emerging from her shell.
fresh	Giroux excels at implying his characters' internal processes.
fresh	Offers compassion over certainty, even when circumstances call for an all-or-nothing commitment to a happily ever after.
rotten	Maxime Giroux's sharp filmmaking instincts aren't always supported by similarly acute dramatic instincts.
fresh	Though set in present-day Montreal, this tender romance unfolds like an episode from another century, paying the sort of careful attention to social boundaries you'd expect to find in a classic forbidden-love novel.
fresh	Yaron is a luminous presence whose face is mesmerizing even if it isn't always readable.
fresh	In a strange way, Felix et Meira is so powerful precisely because it's so understated.
fresh	Fascinating tale of a secular Jew's attempt to get a Haredi wife to free herself from the confines of Orthodoxy.
rotten	A relentlessly bleak portrait of Stalinist Russia with camerawork that puts the viewer in the room with its characters.
rotten	Although it has some likeable characters, it's hard to stay focused with Child 44's uneven story. [Full Review In Spanish]
rotten	Child 44 feels contrived and you never get to empathize with the characters. [Full Review In Spanish]
rotten	...the film can often come across as disorienting and uneven.
rotten	CHILD 44 is a thriller with no thrills. It's too long, too dreary, and too overly serious.
rotten	In the end, the film lacks an imagination, and that unfortunately winds up dragging it through the mud.
fresh	Child 44 is not a bad crime-thriller, but it could have been way better, especially given the talent involved.
rotten	Overly complicated yet somehow anticlimactic, and constructed more with pat Hollywood pomp rather than the authentic grit it demands.
rotten	A hopeless muddle of clumsy police procedural, fraught domestic fireworks and heavy-handed totalitarian tropes, presented in the grimmest possible fashion and drawn out to insufferable length.
rotten	Forbidding and forgettable, this plodding adaptation of Tom Rob Smith's suspenseful thriller just doesn't translate onto the big screen.
fresh	I'm going against the current on Daniel Espinosa's Child 44 by simply not hating it, but I'll go further and say it's actually good -- with qualifications.
rotten	Child 44 arrives in cinemas with the kind of dull thud befitting a novel of door-stopper weightiness rather than a work endowed with soaring prose and considerable storytelling prowess.
rotten	Ambitious to a fault, this is a slightly serviceable story of murder that features strong performances, but little more than that.
rotten	An oppressively boring, unappealing and often incomprehensible misfire.
rotten	The movie hints at a riveting story but is incapable of delivering it.
rotten	Hardy is very odd, as usual.
rotten	The story is a confusing bore that leads achingly slowly to a solution as perfunctory as it is implausible.
rotten	The plotting gets a little sludgy...it runs out of ideas long before it plods to the final credits
fresh	Given these actors and the ravishing decrepitude of the locations and costumes and the lustrous cinematography of Oliver Wood, I found it more than watchable the whole way through.
rotten	Child 44 never knows what it wants to be: a mystery or an uninspired statement on dystopian governments.
rotten	If the Russian accents from this non-Russian cast weren't grating enough, the convoluted and seedy story of Child 44 would be reason enough to pass on this one despite the usually reliable presence of Tom Hardy and Noomi Rapace.
rotten	Equally bloated and scatterbrained.
fresh	...a tense thriller set in Soviet Russia in 1953...tightly directed with surprisingly good pace...fine performances, especially by Hardy, Rapace, and Oldman...exceptional dark and forbidding cinematography enhanced by understated music.
rotten	What began as a novel by Tom Rob Smith probably should've stayed there, but for those with especially iron-like constitutions, "Child 44" does provide some terrific performances and a full sense of Soviet immersion.
rotten	A hopelessly muddled, po-faced and occasionally accidentally hilarious thriller set in Stalinist Russia.
rotten	Like The Interview, Child 44 will be remembered only for the controversy surrounding it.
rotten	Wouldn't know a "thrill" if it were plastered on a bottle of Stoli.
rotten	Child 44 doesn't just lose the plot. It loses the point.
fresh	"Child 44" is involving despite itself.
rotten	In such a bleak and distorted world, it is perverse to try to tell a whodunit story with conventional heroes and villains -- and yet that is what this misguided and contradictory film attempts.
fresh	Tom Hardy rolls his Russian accent around his mouth like its a shot of vodka to be savoured. With his Soviet-issue brutalist haircut and shambling bear's gait, plus the accent as thick as borscht, he inhabits completely the part of Leo Demidov.
rotten	The movie goes wildly off the rails chasing so many characters, subplots, and complications that you may find yourself zoning out.
fresh	Child 44 grows in stature and suspense as it gains focus, eventually revealing itself as a murky depiction of desperately unjust, fearful times.
fresh	Espinosa manages to engineer some standout moments and Hardy rises above his dodgy accent to deliver a cruelly believable portrait of a good man trapped between a hammer and sickle.
rotten	[An] unrelentingly grim, plodding, and close-to-incoherent adaptation of Tom Rob Smith's best-selling mystery.
rotten	It's as tedious as a bottomless bowl of borscht.
rotten	Nothing in "Child 44" adds up to much. The political backdrop and the period setting and all of those subplots and narrative tangents don't mean a lot when the film boils down to a typical fistfight/shoot out scenario we've seen countless times before.
rotten	Tom Hardy brings his robust, muscular presence to the role of Leo and he is watchable enough, but the forensic and psychological aspects are just dull; there is no fascination in the detection process.
rotten	Child 44 has strong actors, solid production values, and good intentions. But it mixes too many plot threads and ends up telling none of them particularly well.
rotten	What "Child 44" most resembles is a rushed and crowded pilot for a television drama.
rotten	The usual serial-killer thriller in Soviet drag.
rotten	Ultimately, what we have is a bloated, grim, underwhelming affair, which is unfortunate - because the movie starts out with a lot going for it.
rotten	Everyone overacts, leaning heavily on moments of unexpected shouting, with Hardy taking bottom honors.
rotten	A muddled, mumbling thriller that never gets us in an iron grip.
rotten	an exercise in empty histrionics.
fresh	For long stretches, it's dull and plodding, chugging along on the fumes of its earnest intentions. Still, there are worse ways to kill two hours than watching Hardy work his sturdy magic.
fresh	When it finally gets going, it becomes gloweringly compelling ...
rotten	Child 44 could have been far more compelling had it dug deeper into its political thriller layers and not drifted into yet another story of a diabolical killer on the loose.
rotten	A mediocre, generic production that does little to inspire.
fresh	Tom Hardy is characteristically compelling as Leo Demidov, a runaway orphan-turned-WW2 soldier transformed into a war hero by his role in the Battle of Berlin.
rotten	Just say nyet.
rotten	Despite gritty atmosphere and a sometimes smart script by the estimable Richard Price, whose credits include "The Wire," "Child 44" can't sort out the basics.
rotten	The film is at once devoted to corroborating and casting an exaggerated light on Soviet paranoia and the state's rhetoric of unmasking its enemies.
rotten	Overstuffed with plot, Child 44 becomes no more lucid as it progresses from one development to another.
rotten	It shouldn't be possible to make a movie this bad with a cast this good.
rotten	Gets lost in a meandering, overly-complicated narrative that often loses sight of the story it's trying to get across.
rotten	If 'Child 44' has any reason to exist it's so hungry Tom Hardy completists having something, anything else to chew on.
rotten	"Child 44" plays like a curious relic of an earlier Cold War mindset, when Western audiences took comfort that they were living on the right side of the Iron Curtain, and relied on movies to remind them as much.
rotten	A Soviet-era slog through crime and corruption, painted in grim shades of muck, blood, moss and bark, director Daniel Espinosa's "Child 44" turns a best-selling period-piece procedural into a slow, tedious thriller almost totally devoid of thrills.
rotten	The movie doesn't really captivate the way it should, and as the manhunt stretches on it actually diminishes in suspense, ultimately overstaying its two-plus-hour running time.
fresh	Offers a solid, serviceable adaptation of Tom Rob Arthur's bestselling novel, the first in a trilogy featuring the character of idealistic state security operative Leo Demidov.
rotten	Thanks to a feeble script, bland direction and - God, why? - those impenetrable accents, no one emerges from this fiasco with much dignity.
fresh	Hardy is immaculate as Leo, from accent to demeanour. Now on his fourth film with Hardy, Oldman is a pleasure to watch, and even the smallest of roles have been carefully cast ...
fresh	Hardy is excellent, his mix of strength and compassion giving genuine depth to a character who could simply have been a figurehead for the march of change.
fresh	Tom Hardy is excellent in the lead role and director Daniel Espinosa crafts some brilliant individual scenes but the story gets a little bogged down with a surfeit of subplots.
fresh	A haunting, funny, beautifully austere film about obsession, delusion and fantasy, all held together by the remarkable, and the remarkably still, performance by Rinko Kikuchi.
fresh	You can read this droll film as a fable, and that's probably better than as a picture of mental illness.
rotten	By the time that you get to an ending as frustratingly ambiguous as the beginning, it becomes clear that this road movie is more calling card than fully realised film.
rotten	Basically an interesting failure.
fresh	The flavor is odd and completely irresistible.
fresh	The interesting thing for me is the film's intermittent excursion from drama into bleak comedy
fresh	It's wonderful
fresh	The film's chief delight -- and it is, for the most part, quite delightful and quirky -- lies in these marginal characters.
fresh	A great film for people who are tired of associating the color black with sadness and despair: now, both of those things are available in snowy white!
fresh	Darkly humorous at times and deeply somber at others, Kumiko, The Treasure Hunter is an ambitious film that feels no need to over tell their chosen story.
fresh	This is a tale of delusion, illusion and confusion given life through a powerful performance by Rinko Kikuchi.
fresh	A fine and original movie that touches on a damaged lead character with grace. And, duh, Fargo fans should be especially intrigued.
fresh	I'm thankful real life is not governed by Coen Bros.' omniscience.
fresh	A melancholy ode to impossible dreams from the Austin, Texas-based filmmaking Zellner brothers.
rotten	File this one under "odd and interesting but ... "
fresh	The movie is lovely to look at. Its compositions make clever use of color and space, and Kumiko, in a crimson shawl on the snowy plains, is a striking figure.
fresh	If Kumiko, the Treasure Hunter takes its time, it's time worth taking.
fresh	In the title role, Kikuchi is impressive, easily handling Kumiko's comic and more somber sides and never allowing us to settle into a single or simple interpretation of the character.
fresh	If you're in the mood for something different, you're in luck: "Kumiko, the Treasure Hunter" takes elements of the traditional quest story into completely new places.
fresh	A haunting, fantasy adventure for the ages in one of this century's most breathtaking independent films.
fresh	Kumiko, the Treasure Hunter pretty much succeeds as a work of magical realism.
fresh	Little is explained, and even less is revealed about what makes Kumiko tick. But for the patient and inquisitive, the ride can be maddeningly absorbing, unearthing its own kind of treasure.
fresh	The Zellner Brothers' Kumiko, the Treasure Hunter is as strange, surreal, and darkly funny as it is ultimately tragic.
fresh	Fans of obscure cinema will fall in love with this beautiful, cryptic, and outstanding treasure hunting pilgrimage. The more you think about Kumiko, the Treasure Hunter the more treasure you find buried within the film.
fresh	It's a strange movie, and perhaps not all that easy to love, but if the filmmakers had gone straight for "lovable," then they might have ruined the unique spell they have cast.
fresh	Surprising, mystical film about lonely woman on a mission.
fresh	An intriguing indie and certainly one-of-a-kind. The Coen Bros. likely would approve.
rotten	The simplicity of the setup works, so perhaps all of this layering -- of truth and legend and flights of fancy -- is an unnecessary burden here.
fresh	Kumiko, the Treasure Hunter, a cool and ambitious slice of weird from Austin's own Zellner brothers, works best as pure fairy tale, a quest to find a fortune that the audiences knows doesn't actually exist.
fresh	As portraits of mental illness go, "Kumiko" is slender but even-handed, neither romanticizing its heroine's mania nor tipping into melodrama or horror.
fresh	"Kumiko, the Treasure Hunter" is a supple combination of Little Red Riding Hood adventure, ironic road film and cross-cultural confusion.
fresh	...a beautiful, chilly odyssey.
fresh	A truly mystifying human puzzle.
fresh	An engaging, even surprising feature.
fresh	It's a beautiful and provocative film that will stick with you long after it's over.
rotten	The film's steady accumulation of little quirks - such as the fact that Kumiko has embroidered her treasure map on a piece of fabric, using a freeze-frame from "Fargo" as a template - soon grow tedious.
fresh	Despite its stasis, the feature is an original vision, best suited for those with high tolerance for art-house adventuring and an appreciation for the mischief the Coen Brothers conjured in their seminal 1996 hit, "Fargo."
fresh	With the gorgeously shot, sweetly paced Kumiko, The Treasure Hunter, David and Nathan Zellner make a strange, funny, sometimes alarmingly deadpan leap forward from their likable earlier features.
fresh	What should be a tragic story has so many upbeat turns that it charming and effective.
fresh	At her best, Kikuchi evokes the little match girl, bathing her bleak existence with too-brief warmth.
fresh	Though Kumiko, the Treasure Hunter is a sad story, it keeps that sadness at bay with touches of whimsy as Kumiko sets out into the snowy wilderness to find the treasure she needs to be there.
fresh	An endearing unlikely heroine in an utterly charming escapade.
fresh	The filmmaking team of David and Nathan Zellner... have channeled Kumiko's visionary madness into a memorable, haunting and highly original American movie.
fresh	I can't say that this austere, beautiful movie satisfied my impatient desire for answers. (It seems, in fact, to be a rebuttal to that desire.) But I'll be thinking about Kumiko's journey for a long time.
rotten	Another vaporous Sundance hit...
rotten	The specifics of this movie are engaging, but the big picture stays buried.
fresh	Is the story, and its heroine's fate, a fairy tale or a delusion? If the former, the movie is as sweet as a Disney-inspired anime. If the latter, Kumiko is deeply sad.
fresh	Kumiko, the Treasure Hunter is a moody comic allegory about desperation, disconnection and dreams that uses Fargo, the Coen brothers classic, as a touchstone to examine modern life.
fresh	Kikuchi brought humanity to the robots-vs.-monsters action of Pacific Rim in a small supporting role, and she ups that much more with the meek title character of Kumiko ...
fresh	Strange as it sounds - and is - Kumiko comprises a lingering display of empathy for its heroine, marching stridently on through her own peculiar headspace.
rotten	What I saw was a case of filmmakers blissed out on their own hermetic concept.
fresh	She's a loner with a singleminded, completely absurd mission... And the film goes along with her, right to the curious end.
fresh	Kumiko feels like a collection of amusing and/or depressing riffs stitched together within a context that barely matters.
fresh	Lyrical, memorable and beautifully conceived film about a woman charging after an elusive dream misfires in its final moments.
fresh	The title of the movie seems to promise adventure, and the movie does deliver that, though not in the conventional manner.
fresh	The beauty of Kumiko, The Treasure Hunter comes from the Zellners treating a silly, whimsical premise with utmost seriousness.
fresh	A delicate, haunting study of a woman who has in several senses lost her way.
fresh	...grounded by a moving performance by producer Rinko Kikuchi who is surrounded by a memorable cast of supporting players. This melancholy comedy will haunt you.
fresh	Beautifully acted, smartly written, skillfully directed, and gorgeously photographed
fresh	Kumiko only comes into its own when [she] arrives in Minnesota and must deal with locals as she heads up to Fargo despite knowing very little English.
rotten	A deranged pseudo-feminist fable, Kumiko, the Treasure Hunter takes its tedious time getting to its unrewarding destination.
fresh	Stark, dark, bleak and funny. Just like "Fargo."
fresh	The Zellners may have their missteps as storytellers, but without question they're consummate image- and mood-makers.
fresh	The script posits sadness but can be uplifting and gives rise to various interpretations, ending in dream or warm fuzzy fulfillment of a vision.
fresh	It settles firmly into the perspective of a lost soul who finds solace in the swaddling security of fantasy.
fresh	The film, especially in its second half, after Kumiko lands at the Minneapolis-Saint Paul International Airport, is resolutely more invested in, and sympathetic toward, its heroine than her fetish objects.
rotten	A monumental bore from start to finish.
fresh	Is Kumiko simply naive, or is she mentally ill? The film's perfect ending doesn't try to solve that riddle, but it will make you feel as if you've just seen something hypnotically original.
fresh	Living up to the expansiveness that its Sega Genesis-like title suggests, Kumiko, The Treasure Hunter's action possesses that rare ability to take on a radically different meaning as its narrative unfolds
fresh	With an airiness that recalls both Jarmusch and at-times the aforementioned Coens, Zellner tightrope-walks between whimsical and gravid.
fresh	It's hard to think of a film that ties itself so closely to another cinematic text while still retaining such an original tone.
fresh	This quietly magnificent piece should put the Zellners on the map: one day, the Coens will make movies inspired by them.
fresh	An unlikely mix of true-life tragedy and urban myth inspired this sweet, melancholy comedy ...
fresh	Weirdly funny and weirdly sad, one woman's slo-mo nervous breakdown becomes an exercise in pathos that is unforgettably poignant.
fresh	This is a quirky and deadpan comedy with an undertow of sadness that not even the occasional scene-stealing close-ups of Kumiko's pet rabbit eating noodles can alleviate.
rotten	There can hardly be a bigger waste of time than this piece of twee nonsense.
fresh	A road movie which transcends its ultra-quirky log-line.
fresh	This smart riff on the Coen brothers' 1996 classic Fargo is is a blend of wonderfully offbeat black comedy and much darker themes involving a central character who...
rotten	Too shallow and incurious to succeed as a character study, the film drifts aimlessly in a manner that frustrates and finally alienates.
fresh	It's a unique, funny and ultimately crushing descent into the deep well of loneliness, that cannily blurs the lines between fantasy and reality.
fresh	A fascinating - at times illuminating - tightrope act, but rarely an enjoyable one.
fresh	Rinko Kikuchi's superb core performance and some striking photography stand out in the latest feature from the Zellner Brothers.
rotten	There's little doubt that Kikuchi has put a lot of herself into the role of Kumiko, but the film doesn't probe very deep. The film upholds the annoying tradition of festival cinema of being an extended anecdote rather than a sustained story.
fresh	A little long and convoluted, but it has a good heart and an absurdist wit
fresh	Odd, mystical, strikingly original ...
fresh	A peculiar oddity that should appeal to those whose tastes favor the offbeat.
fresh	Kumiko the Treasure Hunter is a real find... an oddly funny and often heartbreaking portrait of mental illness as well as exploration of both the freeing power and danger of cinephilia.
fresh	Kumiko, the Treasure Hunter continues to create dissent in my mind; and that certainly makes it worthwhile.
fresh	Kumiko, the Treasure Hunter is a wonderful little film that dares to dream, and dares you to dream with it.
fresh	There's a spooky poetry to the climactic sequences of Kumiko, as a one-of-a-kind individual disappears into the snow, in search of a memorable movie prop that also disappeared into the snow.
fresh	Its ambiguity should dazzle and delight; even in its darkest reading, Kumiko goes into the night softly, like a bunny rabbit retreating from the severity of the world.
fresh	It's the rare case of a story that's inspirational and devastating at once.
fresh	The film's great strength is in its eerie expressive visuals.
fresh	A delightfully mannered and eccentric delight.
fresh	Completely original, technically proficient, and simply mesmerizing.
fresh	Rinko Kikuchi is amazing as Kumiko.
fresh	Kumiko's unique vision makes for humour and pathos in David Zellner's film.
fresh	David Zellner co-wrote the screenplay with his brother Nathan, as two brothers pay homage to two other brothers who know how to make damn good movies - and yet this holds its own, in what is a more than worthy effort.
fresh	This movie could easily be cruelly humorous or embarrassingly overwrought, but walks the tonal tightrope over both.
fresh	One of the best films to ever premiere at Sundance.
fresh	A beguiling fable of buried treasure and movie-fed obsession.
fresh	A work of rigorously disciplined eccentricity, Kumiko, the Treasure Hunter is at once entirely accessible and yet appealing only to a rarified crowd ready to key into its narrow-bandwidth sense of humor.
fresh	An idiosyncratic, very personal portrait of an inspiring musical sensibility.
fresh	The great joy of the film, whether you know piano or not, is watching Bernstein teach.
fresh	Hawke's cinematic etude may not unlock all the mysteries of music, but "Seymour: An Introduction" is universal enough to be understood by a bananafish.
fresh	Like a touching master class on living correctly, listening to the charming Bernstein will have you changing keys.
fresh	Remarkably elegant film from Ethan Hawke about his friend, classical pianist and sometime-composer Seymour Bernstein, is one of early delights of 2015.
fresh	Expertly directed by Ethan Hawke, Seymour: An Introduction is both a portrait of an artist's life and a quiet repudiation of the assumptions that might tempt some people to call Bernstein a failure.
fresh	Octogenarian pianist Seymour Bernstein is the charming, inspirational subject of this appreciative, occasionally fawning documentary directed by the actor/novelist/filmmaker Ethan Hawke.
fresh	It's a nice movie, full of musicians talking of their love of the art form - you'll be enthralled, believe it or not, listening to a couple of guys talking about B flat.
fresh	Coming off of his superb one-two performances for Richard Linklater in Before Midnight and Boyhood, Hawke continues to work at a creative high level. He demonstrates a rapport and openness with his subject that proves exceptionally affecting.
fresh	Whether or not Hawke got any answers to his questions about the purpose of being artist, seeking them under the guidance of a teacher like Bernstein resulted in this work of art.
fresh	Seymour: An Introduction is just that - not too much biography, or history. And one needn't be a music aficionado, or a musician, to appreciate the modest erudition coming from this man.
fresh	By the end of our introduction, Bernstein emerges as a man who has found a way to build order out of life's chaos through music.
fresh	A tender counterpoint to Whiplash. Anyone in any field of artistic endeavor could learn something about their struggles from watching Bernstein's patience, and by listening to his arguments against the importance of fame
fresh	A quiet but charming conversation with a man who's lived what he loves.
fresh	Hawke chose well his subject; Bernstein is indeed an intriguing master and paragon of authenticity.
fresh	His playing is beautiful - he was a gifted concert pianist who gave up the stage at 50 to concentrate on teaching and composing. His stories are tremendous. And his voice, clear and strong, is magnetic.
fresh	"Seymour: An Introduction" gives viewers a soaring, sublime and enduringly meaningful glimpse of a man who is undoubtedly the real thing.
fresh	A positive, enjoyable and inspiring artist portrait.
fresh	This intimate look at the supremely mild-mannered piano virtuoso will find its audience.
fresh	It's hard to find much wrong with this film, itself a meditation on art and the practice of craft.
fresh	The director thinks we would enjoy meeting Bernstein ... Hawke is correct.
fresh	The movie's real subject is the difficulty -- and the critical importance -- of bringing into harmony one's personal and artistic lives, of being not only a good artist but a joyful one.
fresh	The result is a low-key but melodic production that is also clearly about Hawke's search for meaning in his artistic career. But that doesn't prevent the rest of us from enjoying Bernstein's sagacity.
fresh	Seymour: An Introduction is a delightful film experience about the transformative power of art.
fresh	A life's wisdom, distilled, conveyed with charm, wit and bracing precision in an understated yet lucid voice. Hawke's managed to capture the kindest, most no-bullshit guru you'd care to imagine.
fresh	Bernstein in action is a study of what a teacher should be: kind but with a steely resolve. He analyzes the music and figures how to overcome its obstacles.
fresh	A fondly made portrait ... of a gentle philosopher with a wicked wit, a superbly talented pianist who intellectually challenges and charms in equal parts.
fresh	Unusual, intelligent documentary whose subject is a pleasure to spend time with.
fresh	Hawke's first documentary is a perfect movie for a gray Sunday afternoon, a gentle and loving tribute to a man ... anachronistically convinced that talent is its own reward.
fresh	The sweetness of the subject's nature and the gentle modulations of his speaking voice are so potent that it would seem not just uncivil but futile to contradict him; yet Hawke is too alert and too inquiring to let the movie subside into worship.
fresh	The unfortunate disconnect between great artistry and great commercial success runs throughout history. But Bernstein is a special case because, unlike so many great musicians who fell unwillingly by the wayside, he chose his own path.
fresh	The movie kind of flits along-if one wanted to be cruel one would use a word like "dilettante"-pleasantly and informatively enough without ever lifting off.
fresh	More than a musical offering, it's a study in boundless passion, plus a wellspring of wisdom about art and life from a man who sees no dividing line between the one and the other.
fresh	Seymour: An Introduction is a loving and lovely tribute to a little-known American musician and mentor.
fresh	Hawke's gaze is too adoring, but the solitary sight of Bernstein putting together his foldout couch/bed in his one-room apartment is as poignant as his recital of the "Moonlight" Sonata.
fresh	Some very special aspects of New York City hide in plain sight. A case in point is Seymour Bernstein, the subject of actor Ethan Hawke's assured, meditative debut as a documentary director.
fresh	So effective does it close the distance between you and Mr. Bernstein that afterward you may find yourself scanning the streets, hoping to catch sight of him, as if for an old friend.
fresh	Sitting in on Bernstein's piano classes are where the doc shines.
fresh	This cinema study is a gentle tribute from one friend to the other.
fresh	For his debut as a documentary director, Ethan Hawke picked retired concert pianist Seymour Bernstein as a subject. He was a good choice.
fresh	"Seymour: An Introduction" is a compendium of tutorial anecdotes and poetic aphorisms he's collected over the years. Hawke's approach is apostolic, as if he's recording for posterity the sublime wisdom of a philosophical master.
fresh	Focusing on the quiet, assured Bernstein's unassuming but powerful presence, Hawke's film often plays like an attempt to share Bernstein's experience with the world.
fresh	Ethan Hawke's remarkable documentary puts us in close proximity to 80-something classical pianist Seymour Bernstein, whose funny, touching and vital presence is something you don't want to miss.
fresh	The film claims to be an introduction, but it's really a long series of conclusions.
fresh	Works both as a celebration of Bernstein, whose spirit is at once gentle and boldly generous, and as a way of exploring creativity and the meaning it can have in our lives.
fresh	Ethan Hawke's concentration on Seymour Bernstein isn't a betrayal of his own ego massaging, but rather an attempt to have a genuine soul-bearing conversation.
fresh	Seymour Bernstein's playing is technically marvelous, and in addition, his warm personality transfers to the music.
fresh	A predictably charming profile of little-known pianist Seymour Bernstein, but it really shines in its treatment of the musician's penchant for mysticism and in its expertly edited Schubert finale.
fresh	A cogent and exquisite documentary about Seymour Bernstein, a classical pianist who has spent the last 30 years of his life passing on his wisdom and counsel to his students.
fresh	A forgotten genius, Bernstein also proves an unsung raconteur.
fresh	Hawke's film is very well crafted, tightly edited and elegantly photographed. The acute musical selections only add to our appreciation of Seymour's selfless devotion to his art.
fresh	In his calm defense of beauty, craftsmanship, intellectual curiosity and emotional connection as vital human needs, this is one artist who knows he doesn't have to raise his voice to speak volumes.
rotten	... too earnest and cliched - with awkward English dialogue, considering the setting - and tends to oversimplify Afshin's true-life struggles.
rotten	By the time Desert Dancer heads for its shades-of-Argo climax, it's hard not to wish there had been a bit less melodrama, and a bit more desert dancing.
rotten	There would seem to be only one thing that the act of dancing cannot free the characters in Desert Dancer from, and that's the movie they're in.
rotten	Desert Dancer strays too frequently into melodrama to have much sticking power.
fresh	The characters are thin and the villains are one-note, but one gets worked up anyway, much as one gets played by a solid romance - or a dance movie.
rotten	The story of freedom from oppression and freedom of expression in Iran is a somber and ruthless one, but you'd never know the true extent of it by seeing this film.
fresh	In his feature film debut, director Richard Raymond keeps the story moving despite some dramatic cliches.
rotten	Director Richard Raymond, making his feature debut, doesn't seem to have enough story to fill out a full-length movie.
rotten	Its depiction of the internal tensions in Iranian politics and culture is not what you'd call super-nuanced, but it is sympathetic to Iran as an entity.
rotten	Unsurprisingly, dancing is the highlight of "Desert Dancer," but it hardly receives the attention it deserves.
rotten	As impressive as its dance sequences may be, Desert Dancer cannot overcome an intellectually lazy script that's as subtle as an eye-high leg kick.
rotten	Desert Dancer is the dramatization of a life story that rarely doesn't feel like a dramatization.
rotten	Reece Ritchie brings heart to the lead role, particularly in the decisive solo performance that caps the film. But that sequence is as expressive and alive as the rest of the supposedly movement-loving drama is static.
rotten	"Desert Dancer" explores fascinating aspects of present-day Iran but suffers mightily from simplistic and sentimental tendencies.
rotten	It's all over the place. All these are fine places to be when it comes to movies. It's just exhausting to try to be in all of them at once.
rotten	Raymond's diffuse direction is so old-school, made-for-cable-TV that it blunts the drama and never turns up the heat beyond tepid.
fresh	"Desert Dancer" does manage to movingly convey the chilling, ultimately triumphant experience of Ghaffarian's struggle for creative expression under a regime that tried to crush it.
rotten	With its overdrawn characters and hackneyed dialogue, it's a politicized "Billy Elliot."
rotten	Favors simple and tame to detailed and credible.
fresh	Desert Dancer is blessed by a powerful sincerity.
fresh	Movies about people trying to start dance companies tend to be as formulaic as sports movies, but "Desert Dancer" escapes the usual drawbacks - corniness and bad dancing - by the urgency of the context.
fresh	The interpretative dance is the most passionate thing in this true story of Iranian oppression
rotten	Reduces a politically-charged tale of artistic triumph in the face of oppression to a series of bland platitudes that wouldn't be out of place on an inspirational poster on the wall of a guidance counselor's office.
fresh	"Desert Dancer" is a conventional protest drama, but it offers many magic moments - especially when co-stars Freida Pinto and Reece Ritchie perform sinuous routines. Or simply gaze into each other's eyes.
rotten	Desert Dancer too often lapses into generic cinematic cliches, failing to live up to the dramatic potential of its subject matter.
rotten	Richard Raymond's feature debut never overcomes a sluggish solemnity, the film's political points dulled by performances from Freida Pinto and Reece Ritchie which overvalue glum earnestness.
rotten	As with so many "extraordinary" true stories, British director Richard Raymond's debut feature leaves you craving more truth and less canned inspirationalism.
rotten	The script by Jon Croker is a thin assemblage of cliches, with characterizations that are uniformly skin-deep.
fresh	A little gem that sparkles brightly as it celebrates not just dance but unshackled, uncensored creative expression.
fresh	A must-see biopic poignantly illustrating the indomitability of the human spirit, even in the most oppressive of circumstances.
fresh	The film plays too safe with its narrative. Fortunately, like its characters, it's most daring when it's in motion.
rotten	The film's relentless turning of its characters' experience into platitudes and homilies is served for our too-easy consumption.
fresh	... turns repetitive in spots and clearly is taking sides, but it assembles the abundant interviews and statistics into a compelling package.
rotten	There are times when a documentary seems so eager to keep you engaged and entertained that the filmmakers forget to stick to their ostensible subject.
fresh	It probably won't change many minds -- do these things ever? -- and it may not tell you much you don't know, but this is a solid and surprisingly effective activist documentary.
fresh	A chilling documentary showing how the cigarette, asbestos, fossil fuel and other industries manipulate scientific evidence.
fresh	The underlying tragedy of "Merchants of Doubt" is not that these flim-flam artists get away with their deceit, but that you and I continue to sit back and allow them their bully pulpits.
rotten	Both heavy-handed and smug, taking undue pride in saying very little that's insightful or new.
rotten	For a movie that spends a good amount of time exposing the bogus claims of the manufacturers of 'flame retardant' fabric, 'Merchants of Doubt' is not particularly incendiary.
fresh	A movie about manufactured consensus would be a vital public service. But "Merchants of Doubt" isn't quite that movie.
rotten	...largely preaches to the left-leaning choir with plenty of hissable sound bites and a generally glib tone that undercuts an otherwise understandable sense of righteous indignation.
fresh	The message here is convincingly clear: corporate America is involved in an elaborate and extravagantly funded game of three-card monty, playing the public for the suckers they are all-too willing to be.
fresh	Aside from an eye-opening investigation of useless and harmful flame repellents pumped into furniture, it sticks to climate change without broadening its scope to other examples of corporate spinning, which must be plentiful.
fresh	A compelling expose of professional propagandists, though the movie itself is not agenda-free.
fresh	Maybe it's meant to be a call to action, but it's a bit more like a social-issues documentary by Samuel Beckett. You laugh as you contemplate everyone's doom.
fresh	You leave "Merchants of Doubt," as you do any good muckraking documentary, both fascinated and enraged ...
fresh	Robert Kenner's documentary is an effective takedown of the ways that PR efforts to discredit science have shifted from helping protect Big Tobacco's profits to fueling the climate change denial movement.
fresh	Merchants of Doubt shouldn't be a hard sell. The fact that it is should make you very mad.
fresh	The people who need to see it probably won't, and it's hard not to come away from it feeling somewhat defeated.
fresh	Subtle, it's not. But it is effective.
fresh	Using images from sidewalk three-card Monte games, Kenner shows how often people can be suckered for their cash. His film demonstrates that professional cons are much, much bigger.
fresh	Should be seen by every American, especially those who question global climate change.
fresh	Damningly eviscerates most of the asinine arguments clung to by bought-and-paid-for representatives of the oil companies.
fresh	That money is the root of all evil is hardly news, but Kenner's documentary is more than just a plaint against corruption. He is, for one thing, a first-rate filmmaker.
fresh	Scarier than any horror movie.
fresh	Like the climate scientists it documents, Merchants of Doubt does a bang-up job of gathering and presenting facts, but it's missing that wow factor.
fresh	When "Merchants of Doubt" isn't making you mad, it makes you very simply, and overwhelmingly, sad.
fresh	When (and before) the end credits roll, you will probably feel a sense of outrage - and helplessness.
fresh	To quote one damning corporate memo seen in the film: "Doubt is our product."
fresh	Merchants is full of incredibly telling interactions and visuals to help make its case.
fresh	Smart, well-researched and shocking in its revelations.
fresh	The jury's back in on the PR hacks who sow confusion and manufacture ambiguity in the public debate over climate change: they're guilty of crimes against not only science and their fellow citizens but humanity itself.
fresh	strikes home the incredible power of corporations to institute change for their own aggrandizement.
fresh	Though not all the dots connect, there's plenty exposing the games corporations play, to make you believe the opposite of dangers they create. Including information gridlock, science actors, think tank mercenaries and well, the Red Scare and watermelons.
fresh	If two experts disagree, who do you trust? Bingo: spread doubt. Slick, stylish and deeply infuriating, Merchants of Doubt is splendid muckraking.
fresh	What Merchants of Doubt makes clearest is that these issues shouldn't be political.
fresh	The fact that some of these spinmeisters proudly base their method on the machinations of tobacco-industry lobbyists is doubly damning.
fresh	The subject of Merchants of Doubt is the catastrophe of global climate change, which is engulfing us even faster than predicted. Kenner doesn't waste time proving, in this terse, brilliantly argued movie, that climate change is happening.
fresh	The people who really need to see Kenner's movie will not. This is the portion of the American public that believes what it wants to believe, their blindness to scientific fact justified by the smooth operators seen on (shows like) Fox News.
fresh	On the whole, it has a great deal of important information presented in a lively way, and it has the power to get you riled up.
fresh	Kenner (unavoidably) breaks the climate change debate down into a political one--wrong versus right, right versus left.
fresh	This is a huge, unwieldy topic, and the filmmakers do an admirable job of condensing their information and making it comprehensible.
fresh	The filmmakers use the same techniques to influence you to buy into the theory that climate change is caused by actions of man as they claim those they criticize use to influence people to believe the idea that climate change caused by man is a hoax.
fresh	No matter what you think about tobacco, climate change, or fire retardants, this is an essential film because it addresses the key issue of trust.
rotten	The blatancy with which industries and lobbyists lie to the public...is enraging, of course, but Kenner's pretty much negated the point of his own work here.
fresh	[It] means to make people angry, and to make them think. It will surely do the former. I'd like to think it will do the latter.
fresh	This is an ugly film, though it has an upbeat spirit.
fresh	When your objective is to get nothing done, you have a serious advantage. If honesty isn't a priority, things get even easier. This is the most impactful -- and the most depressing -- takeaway of Robert Kenner's documentary.
fresh	A great primer on how corporate propaganda works now, in the age of 24-hour news channels addicted to "debate" when there is none and "controversy" where none exists.
fresh	Informative and infuriating ...
rotten	In this glossy informational mode of filmmaking, organization is everything, and director Robert Kenner (Food, Inc.) isn't much of a storyteller.
fresh	Tobacco companies have fallen far in recent years, but this zingy documentary explores how very high their p.r. machines set the bar for public misdirection.
fresh	Shows how a bunko artist is a bunko artist, whether on a corner or on CNN.
fresh	The film's spin toward a liberal audience means it chokes into ineffectuality when it tries to take a less ironic and more active stance on society's biggest current white whale.
rotten	The slickness of Kenner's presentation ironically distracts from the meat of his expose.
fresh	There are times when it feels as if the film's selected anecdotes are only scratching the surface of a greater evil, but what does make it to screen is intelligent, vital, and enraging.
rotten	Kenner has devoted himself to a revelation that isn't much of a revelation-that corporations obfuscate the full truth to protect their interests.
fresh	It understands the appeal of making strong points in attractive, engaging ways. It's taking lessons from the bad guys, but for the right side.
fresh	The shock, horror and occasional levity of the doc aside, Merchants of Doubt reminds us how maddening it is what money can do to ruin things.
fresh	An overly broad and somewhat random attack on a broad range of targets, but damning enough to make you mad
fresh	This material might be familiar to Frontline viewers and magazine readers, but Kenner's telling of the stories proves independently dramatic ...
fresh	An issues documentary that scores its points through a seductive combination of clearly stated arguments and pithy humor.
fresh	One of Kenner's main points is that the debate itself is being held on false grounds.
fresh	Robert Kenner's punchy documentary... claims that many of the libertarian nay-sayers rolled out on mainstream American television to spice up "scientific" debate have little knowledge of the subject. What matters, it seems, is how loudly you shout
fresh	Opens our eyes to the PR sleight of hand that huge corporations deploy to protect their profits when facts and science aren't going their way. Enraging.
fresh	Merchants of Doubt is a worthwhile, though depressing film.
fresh	It may sound like a standard-issue advocacy documentary concerned, as so many are, with the perils of global warming, but it's a lot more than that.
rotten	Like Michael Moore at his worst, it's hard to applaud a film when it's relentlessly poking fun at its opponents as if to pat itself, and its smug audience, heartily on the back
fresh	A hard-hitting documentary exposing how a small band of right-wing zealots in spreading disinformation on climate change.
fresh	The point-by-point Merchants of Doubt ... traces how companies shift the focus, reshape, and redirect discourse.
fresh	Illustrates how deniers have manipulated the scientific debate, and why the climate change scientists have succumbed to them.
fresh	There isn't a tremendous amount of new information in this generally well-crafted documentary. But it makes a potent, urgent case against the merchants of doubt who play games with the planet's future.
rotten	Merchants of Doubt's lack of independent opinion and poor probing of its skeptic subjects makes this doc rather inconsequential.
fresh	This is a movie so intrigued by its designated villains that it almost conveys a perverse form of admiration, and the fascination proves contagious.
rotten	By the film's own implicit admission, those who most need to see 'Merchants of Doubt' are also the least likely to be swayed by its argument.
rotten	It's difficult to comprehend quite why this stellar cast all signed up to this distinctively lacklustre project.
rotten	You have to admire a movie which takes a gold-star cast (Julianne Moore, Jeff Bridges, Alicia Vikander) and creates such an unpolishable turd.
rotten	Seventh Son is derivative to its core.
rotten	Oscar-winners Jeff Bridges and Julianne Moore deliver two of the hammiest performances of their distinguished careers in Sergei Bodrov's overcooked sword-and-sorcery fantasy.
rotten	It's a real problem when one of your leading characters sounds like a cross between Bane, the masked mutterer from The Dark Knight Rises, and a man competing in a hard-boiled-egg-eating contest.
rotten	What's missing is any sense of excitement.
rotten	Even if you're willing to go along for the ride, that still means taking Bridges' performance seriously. Which, believe me, isn't easy.
rotten	Boring, predictable and lacking inspiration, Seventh Son is bog-standard boilerplate fantasy and will probably reach the upper echelons of countless 'worst of' lists come the end of the year.
rotten	A muddled mish-mash.
rotten	It's lively and daft, and you find yourself wondering: all this expertise, and the best anybody could think to do with it was this?
rotten	Like Monty Python without the comedy, or at least without the intentional comedy. Jeff Bridges' saving throw against the Phoning It In curse fails!
rotten	Would it even have been improved if we could actually hear the dialogue? Probably not.
rotten	You leave the cinema wishing you'd understood even less of it than you did.
rotten	A film that plays like the most disposable Saturday-matinee fodder imaginable.
fresh	Enjoyable hokum.
rotten	The world's least impressive Big Lebowski reunion.
rotten	If this film were an apprentice it would have to serve several more years before being allowed master status.
rotten	Seventh Son is another one of those barely comprehensible 3D fantasy films with lots of dark Middle-earth-type settings and swirls of digital effects that make it hard to figure out precisely what is going on.
fresh	This is the first English language film of the twice Oscar-nominated Russian director Sergei Bodrov and he delivers an action-packed, enjoyable piece of escapism without too many boring detours.
fresh	It's far from the worst of this kind of movie, partly because there is so much talent, but it's hard to find that cheering. To say it could be worse is faint praise.
rotten	Seventh Son often feels like the kind of film that would work better with even less plot... if they'd simply outlined the story as "we got to stop that witch" and then just rattled through the action sequences as quickly as possible.
fresh	Seventh Son has all the requisite parts: witch hunters, witches, a naive apprentice, dragons, simple townsfolk and, err, guys with axes for arms.
fresh	Bridges comes along and gives exactly the right perversity to make things fun in a dippy, loopy way, and so the aggregate effect of Seventh Son is not, in fact, boredom.
rotten	"Seventh Son" moves at a fairly quick pace and has a sense of humor about itself. That doesn't mean it's thrilling, or funny. Just that it's a quickly forgotten pile of junk.
rotten	'Seventh Son' suffers from fatal Hobbit-osis.
fresh	Judging from his Rooster Cogburn enunciation, Jeff Bridges may literally be chewing the Dante Ferretti-designed scenery in this utterly unnecessary but diverting and attractive fantasy adventure.
rotten	Wizards, witches and dragons. So what else is new?
rotten	Seventh Son is a very bad film, to be sure, but I'd like to think its badness would have been as evident had it been whisked at once to the frontlines of Universal's summer slate, emboldened by the confidence of a proper blockbuster premiere.
rotten	It's a loud, joyless mess.
rotten	The twisty, everything-and-the-kitchen-witch narrative is, by turns, exciting and deadly dull.
rotten	This close. You were this close, Sergei Bodrov, this close to finding the right ratio of badness to goodness -- this close to churning out a ham and cheese sandwich to rival the likes of Beastmaster, Willow and Hawk the Slayer.
rotten	Every soulless soul is a well-worn archetype; every monster, even in 3D, is an anemic reiteration of a witless behemoth that couldn't scare the bejesus out of your virgin Aunt Tilly.
rotten	The most notable thing about it is that even with the amazing aggregation of asininity crammed into its running time, it still manages be a thudding bore.
rotten	"Seventh Son" wastes a promising cast with unfocused and incoherent story decisions, unusual-but-not-in-a-good-way acting, unfortunate choices with gender roles and one-sided depiction of people with color.
rotten	Jeff Bridges gives his otherwise bland character a unique accent (speech impediment?), delivering all of his lines as a mix of his True Grit character, a belligerent walrus, and a 45 rpm record played at 33-1/3 rpm.
rotten	Moore vamps and camps it up, seemingly aware that the only way to liven up the dreadful material is by trying to out-wicked the Wicked Witch of the West.
rotten	Impressive set design and visuals, excessive CGI, and a loud score from Marco Beltrami can't fully compensate for bland character development and a predictable narrative that rushes along on a linear trajectory.
rotten	... incoherent fantasy adventure filled with swordplay, sorcery and supernatural nonsense.
rotten	On the plus side, by making a movie this bad, studios are finally (and inadvertently) caving in to growing audience demand for fewer sequels and remakes.
rotten	Seventh Son would be utterly forgettable, were it not for some decent directorial elements and the performances of Jeff Bridges and Julianne Moore.
rotten	Everyone involved needs to sit quietly and think about what they've done.
rotten	A strange movie that manages to be both ridiculous and bland, its chief point of interest is the spectacle of a great actor caught in career decline.
rotten	Seventh Son doesn't break much new ground, but it's a reasonably entertaining walk through familiar, friendly territory. Every once in a while, that's okay too.
rotten	Projecting noise and spectacle without any emotional investment or thematic undercurrents, "Seventh Son" winds up being a monstrous dud.
rotten	Sometimes you get halfway through a movie and you can't believe that what you're seeing made its way from Los Angeles or someone's Los Angeles computer to where you're sitting.
rotten	With an estimated budget of $70-100 million, the only way this dog will make a profit is to reap as much as possible out of the opening weekend, before people can spread the word, and get out of town fast.
rotten	Weak YA adaptation is far more mature than the books.
rotten	Nothing in this film is fully developed, which explains the script problems.
fresh	The battle scenes are mercifully short --- thank you to director Sergey Bodrov --- which results in a brisk outing at an hour and forty-two minutes.
fresh	No masterpiece, but a welcome February surprise with a lively cast and rugged action.
rotten	Not a cinematic abomination but clearly nothing good let alone great. (Full Content Review -- Sex, Profanity, Violence, etc. -- for Parents also available)
rotten	Another dead of winter bomb, a trifecta for Bridges.
rotten	It's a waste of talent for all those involved.
fresh	One doesn't want to damn the movie with faint praise by saying "it's not that bad," but that's kind of the most objectively accurate description of it, in all honesty.
rotten	Right out of the gate it feels years past its expiration date.
fresh	Obviously, this is not a particularly serious movie -- there's one scene of happy villagers leading a witch off to execution that feels remarkably like a "Monty Python and the Holy Grail" outtake -- but neither is it sloppy.
rotten	"Seventh Son" delivers exactly what it promises: Jeff Bridges and Julianne Moore slumming in a laughably generic sword-and-sorcery almost-epic.
rotten	Even in 3-D and shot in the mountains of British Columbia, the film is a flat experience, with an incongruity between its big-budget ambitions and ho-hum impact.
rotten	Even on paper, the latest February throwaway, "Seventh Son," sounds like a bad idea ...
rotten	Seventh Son may try to harness alchemy and witchcraft, but sadly, there's no magic here.
rotten	Perhaps it's not so much a matter that Bridges is out of place in the material as it is that the material and the rest of the cast have no idea how to keep up with him.
rotten	It's not as bad as you might fear but it's definitely not as good as you would hope.
rotten	The movie's imagination runs riot in the scenery, sets, and costumes in what is an otherwise routine centuries-long feud between good and evil with paper-thin motivations.
rotten	Checks off the boxes of Swords-and-Sorcery Moviemaking 101 without bothering to dig deeper or come up with a new or imaginative angle to explore.
fresh	The fight scenes are exciting, the visuals and special effects are impressive, and it is fun to see two big actors take on these scenery-chomping roles.
rotten	There's a fine line between charm and cheese in fantasy epics, and movies as silly and overwrought as Seventh Son only help to illustrate just how hard it is to hit the right tone.
rotten	The dialogue in Seventh Son is dismal. The plotting is awkward. Nothing much works as storytelling. But even those problems are overshadowed by the accents -- the source of much of the hilarity.
rotten	If you want guaranteed sleep, see "The Seventh Son."
rotten	A strong contender for worst movie of 2015.
rotten	I know it's early, but "Seventh Son" may actually be the worst movie of the year. It will most certainly be a contender.
rotten	Seventh Son is brisk and unpretentious, though the fact that these two qualities can be considered remarkable probably says more about the state of modern genre filmmaking than it does about the movie itself.
rotten	At least Moore has not played a character like Malkin in recent memory. The same cannot be said for Bridges, whose flawed, alcoholic hero shtick is starting to wear thin.
rotten	The surprise is that by genre standards [Seventh Son isn't] that bad-it's just that everything in it has been done before.
rotten	Jeff Bridges's abysmally campy performance may be the worst thing about disposable sword-and-sorcery fantasy Seventh Son, but it's also the only memorable thing.
rotten	Once the plot dominoes are arranged in an overlong series of setups, Seventh Son ends up being a movie about walking, interrupted occasionally by a battle against a mythological monster.
rotten	Seventh Son is thoroughly ill-conceived, a pale imitation of its more adventurous and breathtaking brethren.
rotten	Harmless enough, and some of you looking for a flashy blockbuster full of mythological monsters and witches powered by CGI will find this passable for entertainment.
rotten	"Seventh Son" tells a story of dragons, witches, ghosts and ogres, but the most fantastic thing about it is the idea that someone thought this lumpy, bumpy and swollen sack of tired tropes and cluttered CGI would attract audiences.
rotten	I'll say this for Seventh Son: it wanted to be over as badly as I wanted it to end.
rotten	This 'Son' is stillborn.
rotten	Mythology 101, an author taking old school truisms and introducing them to a demo that probably won't know what a "tome" is unless it's spelled out specifically for them on their Kindle
rotten	At this point, it's tempting to wonder if Jeff Bridges accepts roles chiefly on the basis of whether or not he'll get to sport grizzly facial hair and talk funny.
fresh	Nothing here is particularly fresh, but watching it is like seeing a slice of familiar art reworked with a colorful new swatch of Crayolas. Deep? No. Thoughtful? No. A thigh-slapping good time? Oh, yes.
rotten	Though the film sat in drydock for a year, partly so technicians could convert it to 3-D, it looks as dull as it sounds.
rotten	Bodrov's ability to put this junky material through the paces can only cloak its inadequacies for so long-right up to the point where Seventh Son teases a sequel.
rotten	The story is so familiar that even if you haven't read Joseph Delaney's "The Spook's Apprentice" you're never surprised by what happens.
rotten	A movie that's hard to believe anyone was passionate enough about to write/make/finish.
rotten	You'd think Julianne Moore leading a coven of witches who can transform into dragons, bears and Djimon Hounsou would be more entertaining.
rotten	[Bridges] is so at odds with the film's tone in every other way that it's either an intentional middle finger to the original story, or a Captain Jack Sparrow gamble that completely failed.
rotten	The Hobbit and 'Game of Thrones' both have done this form of the fantasy genre much better in recent years.
fresh	Let me put it this way: if you loved Krull, you will at least 'like' Seventh Son.
rotten	It is likely to be one of the worst films of the year, but I'd be lying if I said I didn't enjoy myself. Yes, Seventh Son is that kind of movie.
rotten	I was disappointed that there were no fire-breathing mummy ninjas from space, but you have to save something for the sequel.
rotten	The word "fantasy" is synonymous with "imagination," the very thing Seventh Son lacks.
rotten	Why does this movie exist? And what the hell are A-list actors like Moore and Bridges doing in something that seems so clearly destined to perplex insomniac Starz viewers several weeks from now?
rotten	[Jeff Bridges] sounds like Rooster Cogburn filtered through his sing-songy psycho from the dreadful remake of 'The Vanishing.'
rotten	For a film featuring witches, dragons, shape-shifters, cleavage and Jeff Bridges, Seventh Son sure isn't much fun.
rotten	Seventh Son is a fantastical adventure we've seen time and time again, filled with animated monsters, vapid characters and a female villain that barely rises above being a crazy ex-girlfriend.
rotten	Is it bad enough to cost Julianne Moore her Oscar?
rotten	While never boring, "Seventh Son" is shellacked with excess, emerging as a particularly noisy extravaganza, not an imaginative one.
rotten	The stars shine, but the special effects are strictly fantasy-film assembly line, with hardly a spark of inspiration.
rotten	As is often the case in films like this, Seventh Son is at its weakest when it tries to leaven its brink-of-disaster gravity with a little nerdy humor.
rotten	Son of a dud.
rotten	An over-designed, under-conceived fantasy epic in which even topnotch contributors can't get the chemistry right, leaving Jeff Bridges and Julianne Moore looking silly.
fresh	Cleverly acted by a cast that truly believes in the material
fresh	Breezy New York affair lets everyone be likeable
fresh	The strong cast, a beautiful score, and a surprisingly affecting ending make it more convincing that it seems at first.
fresh	Not the luckiest pair of lovers, or the most fortunate use of two hours of anybody's time.
fresh	As silly as "5 to 7" is, there's a great deal of truth lapping at the corners concerning the long-range value of a broken heart, an occupational hazard of love that has inspired writers to pen some of time's greatest novels.
fresh	It's not a masterpiece, but it is a pleasant surprise for the genre.
rotten	"5 to 7" is all over the map in terms of tonality and screenwriting, with Levin trying to stuff his favorite elements from French cinema into a movie that can't handle the weight.
fresh	Though Yelchin does not elevate his role much above pasty callowness, Marlohe brings to hers a luminous irony and melancholy that makes her the ideal elusive beauty of hyper-romantic adolescent dreams.
fresh	The problem with 5 to 7 is that the most important romance, between Brian and Arielle, never feels real.
fresh	One of the best date-night movies of the season without a doubt.
fresh	there is a likable quality to "5 to 7" that had me charmed from start to finish
rotten	There aren't many surprises in "5 to 7," unless you count such startlingly cliched bits of dialogue as "Life is a collection of moments" and "There's no free lunch."
fresh	"5 to 7" is a modern-day fairy tale - albeit one with a bittersweet ending.
rotten	The Brian-and-Arielle story never quite feels believable; it plays more like a novel than a genuine love story, like a work in progress, rather than a beginning and, inevitably, an end.
fresh	...like a marriage between American screwball romantic comedies and the French New Wave
fresh	Levin is a good enough writer that true feelings come through among the words, and, for the most part, this movie is a fine achievement.
rotten	Levin, in an effort to appease an American sensibility, has taken sophisticated subject matter and made a movie for children.
rotten	For an R-rated romance about a young writer's affair with a sultry French siren, "5 to 7" generates all the heat of an Easy-Bake Oven. It aims to sizzle but quickly fizzles.
rotten	Watching Levin's movie is the equivalent of reading a collection of pre-workshopped, college-level short stories, each scene or bit of dialogue in as desperate need of vision and individual style as the last.
fresh	It expresses a belief in love as something miraculous and transformational. It says that love makes people what they are and provides the experiences that reverberate for a lifetime.
rotten	...a bland salute wrapped within a tepid plot that also owes itself to Mike Nichols' The Graduate.
fresh	A drama about the joys and challenges of an unconventional affair.
rotten	Somewhere before the halfway point the movie crosses a line, and its fantasy version of New York, not to mention of French women, gets to looking kind of hoary and inadvertently adolescent.
fresh	Alluring performances from Yelchin, Marlohe, and the supporting cast ... nimbly carry the film from start to finish.
fresh	"5 to 7" is an interesting directing debut that, like Brian, shows promise.
fresh	Although Mr. Levin tends to embrace cliches and overstatement ... he can also surprise you with delicate touches, a pained look, a wince of recognition.
rotten	It's as much a triumph of boyish wish fulfillment as Peter Parker swinging on skyscrapers.
rotten	While the film has an undeniably sexy glow, it's too earnest and sappy by half.
rotten	There must have been pretty slim pickings at the Neil Simon store by the time "5 to 7" writer-director Victor Levin got there.
rotten	Its central relationship has a sitcom-ish superficiality, heavy on light banter and lacking in any real passion.
fresh	Even if 5 to 7 sometimes feels like a romantic fantasy, it's grounded in compromises-haunting romanticism colliding with the imperfect way things actually are.
fresh	Nothing turns out the way you expect it. Everyone has an F.A.O. Schwarz gift box full of surprises before 5 to 7 smoothly sails into its final sunset over the Manhattan skyline, and so will you.
fresh	Levin's rendering of a literary and ever-surprising New York touches Woody Allen levels, even as he slyly shifts the tone from near-farcical to elegiac, with references to Truffaut's "Jules and Jim."
fresh	It has a bright, literate charm that's hard to resist, thanks to the scattered witticisms in Levin's script, a deftly managed tone, and fine performances across the cast.
fresh	It's the type of thing only [a film] with an accent can get away with.
rotten	Though it's understandable that the melancholy Arielle is moved by Brian's passion for her, the contrasts between them always makes her seem like more of a babysitter than a paramour.
fresh	5 to 7 is the Before Sunrise of infidelity.
fresh	A lush cross-cultural romance all set against the dreamy backdrop of Manhattan, writer/director Victor Lewin's rather old-fashioned but generously witty film ticks all of the right boxes when it comes to its literary tale of an unlikely romance.
rotten	At the end of the film one wonders exactly what 5 to 7 is and how it happened.
fresh	For all of its artificial plotting and cliched dialogue, "5 to 7" has its charms.
fresh	Ironically, the Victor Levin film's mildness turns out to be its most engaging quality.
fresh	Sumptuous and romantic in an attractively old-fashioned way despite a hitch designed to give some contemporary American idealists pause... the film satisfies in a wholly commercial way.
fresh	Courageously sentimental in an age of irony, Victor Levin's refreshingly articulate "5 to 7" delivers romance of the sort thought lost since the days of Audrey Hepburn, for those who appreciate such finery.
fresh	Too cloying to be anything more than a dalliance.
rotten	Much more of an adolescent male fantasy than a relatable, genuine film about love or relationships, 5 To 7 is deeply naive and has very few, if any real insights to the heart or human condition.
fresh	5 To 7 isn't a perfect film, but it does a remarkable job of engaging the audience with just enough charm to distract from its wholly unoriginal story.
rotten	Genre aficionados will best appreciate this latest Hong Kong martial-arts adventure.
fresh	Teddy Chen's combination police procedural and kick-ass action film provides a sturdy vehicle for longtime Hong Kong star Donnie Yen, who at age 51 proves he's still in good enough shape to deliver all the right moves.
rotten	Kung Fu Jungle/Killer is a factory-made cheeseburger...
rotten	Kung Fu Killer is all brawn and no brains, making for a furiously frenzied action watch without an ounce of interest outside of punches and kicks.
rotten	"Kung Fu Killer" lacks the brio and spice of its ancestors.
fresh	Kung Fu Killer manages to be your better-than-average chop-socky fun for a couple of reasons, starting with veteran actor Donnie Yen in the lead as Mo Hahou, who can fight and emote with equal proficiency.
fresh	The versatility of Kung Fu Killer intrigues while the bone crunching action thoroughly satisfies on every level. Kung Fu Killer is a sensational thriller with ferocious action and features Donnie Yen at his absolute best.
fresh	Director Teddy Chan knows his way around a brutal fight scene for sure, and he makes it clear from even the film's first moments that his return to directing after five years will be totally in thrall to the filmmaking dynasties that raised him.
fresh	This isn't a new golden age of martial arts films, but with Yen holding down the fort in China and southeast Asian fighters Iko Uwais and Tony Jaa, it's a pretty good one.
fresh	Here, in this entertaining, preposterous goof of a kung fu movie, are all those values missing from the mainstream of American action filmmaking ...
rotten	An undeniably bland film in style and story, despite a few elaborately staged fight sequences.
fresh	Yen, along with director Teddy Chan, have been taking a few cues from The Raid and the new breed of action flick.
fresh	[An] efficient thriller that's sure to tick all the boxes for fans of Asian action movies.
fresh	The fight scenes are terrific, but the haphazard plotting, off-the-peg characterisations and drippy music elsewhere lack flavour.
fresh	Some of the fight scenes are dazzling in their speed and complexity.
fresh	There are plenty of shootouts and punch-ups but the film's most entertaining sequences revolve around Jim using his head as opposed to his fists.
rotten	Heavy on the gunfire and light on believability, "The Gunman" is a nice looking yet unsatisfying film barely kept afloat by its star
rotten	Trite, clumsily assembled spyboiler more closely resembles an accident scene.
rotten	Too violent to be taken seriously and too serious to be any fun.
fresh	There are a lot of actors you expect to see headlining action films. Sean Penn is not one of them. Yet here he is proving beyond any sensible question that he can roll, run shoot, stab and bleed with the best of them.
rotten	Part of the problem is the script's determination to drag some of Spain's most scenic spots into the action whether or not they suit the mood.
rotten	There is a baseline of filmmaking competence to The Gunman that rescues it from the gutter, but despite its star power it doesn't have a strong enough script or charismatic enough lead to carry it over the line into entertainment.
fresh	Really, it's all about engaging in that ancient action movie pleasure of watching a well-trained killer fight for his life and save his woman.
fresh	If you want a thriller about architecture, here is your thing. Gaudi with Guns, they could have called it.
fresh	...a thoughtful, provocative thriller replete with richly crafted characters, gripping set pieces, and an underlying moral drive about the very nature and consequences of violence.
fresh	Action packed, with tense and thrilling sequences, although things come together in the end, I was frustrated by the constantly shifting nature of the story
rotten	Ultimately too absurd to take seriously and too serious to enjoy as a popcorn flick. If its target is being surprisingly dull, it's a bullseye.
rotten	An almost astonishing dull and misguided thriller...
fresh	Now that Liam Neeson's stint as an AARP action hero seems to have Run All Night into the ground, you won't believe who's buff, sweaty and ready to take over.
fresh	In his latest film, The Gunman, Morel tones down the action in favor of a more thoughtful and mature exploration of violence and its consequences. It also reinforces that Sean Penn still has the best scream/cry in the business.
rotten	Action at its most tedious.
rotten	Rarely, though, have two Academy Award-winning actors been so stunningly off the mark in the same movie.
rotten	It's just another tourist salad bar of stale, limp man-on-the-run cliches with chases, hand-to-hand-combat, gunfire, and an hilariously pretentious sequence set during a bullfight.
rotten	Laughably sanctimonious for a Taken retread about a murderer who's too sexy for his shirt.
rotten	"The Gunman" is depressingly bad, thanks to its plotting and world-weary cast. They all look overheated and worn out.
rotten	I object to The Gunman because it's unconvincing and incoherent.
rotten	It's a gritty, generic 'guy' thing from the get-go.
rotten	An ill fit for Sean Penn on any front - too tight to let his action-hero experimentation breathe and too loose for his geopolitical ire to take hold. In the areas of art and altruism, it plays like something Penn probably loathes: voluntourism.
rotten	Penn shows off his muscles as well as his social conscience (shirtless, his forearms look as brawny as Popeye's), but with Taken director Morel at the helm it's hardly surprising that the action sequences should be more persuasive than the soul searching.
rotten	A novel by Jean-Patrick Manchette provides the source material, but the only real "auteur" here is Morel, for whom this is very much more of the same.
rotten	... some decent shootouts and hand-to-hand combat but the writing mostly stinks, allowing for gaping narrative holes and more improv rants by Bardem ... Penn seems less enigmatic than just plain bored.
rotten	Anti-American Sniper. In the murky midst of multiple mercenaries, a two-timing damsel in distress, corporate conmen, a differently duplicitous Javier Bardem checking in, macho mayhem and matadors. And in any case, an anti-hero somewhat saved by the bull.
fresh	It's Rambo tailored to Penn's humanitarian interests.
rotten	The Gunman feels like Sean Penn's belated audition for The Expendables franchise. The audience would have collectively hurled in unison if Penn showed off his shirtless, compact, overly beefy physique one more time.
rotten	By attempting to parachute in weighty geopolitical themes to a successful action formula, the film sinks, leaving little to savour.
rotten	A dull, generic retread, made far worse by Penn's self-seriousness as an actor, by the banal political pieties he's grafted on as producer and co-writer, and by the presence of a pitifully retrograde female lead role.
rotten	Sean Penn, an actor you can't take your eyes off when he's on screen , is not the problem with The Gunman. Neither is its terrific , if underused , cast. This attempt to turn Penn into a late-blooming action star is just too convoluted.
fresh	I enjoyed this more than I expected I would, mainly because of the cast and because I was pleasantly surprised that the movie was not just a derivative Taken knock-off.
rotten	"The Gunman" does not hold up well to scrutiny as it rehashes subjects done better in other films, including Morel's first two features.
rotten	By the time we get to the laughable climax the film has lost any pulse it had, and "The Gunman" ends up being a major let-down.
rotten	It misleads audiences hoping for a girtty action thriller and ends up being a huge disappointment.
rotten	The Gunman simply doesn't work as either escapist entertainment or a serious political thriller; it may very well fire a thousand shots in its pursuit of action and excitement, but very few -- if any of them -- go the distance to the finale.
rotten	Penn...is at least trying to say something about relief work in third world countries, but the film slips so quickly into generic thriller mode it feels like it mutated in post-production.
rotten	Those hoping for the next Taken will be disappointed by the slow-burn character piece that is The Gunman.
rotten	"The Gunman," as fashioned by Penn and his collaborators, is an ugly, morally nebulous thriller that attempts to offer edification even as it panders to the lowest common denominator.
rotten	The Gunman is among the surliest of its kind, an elder actioner of unrelenting violence and preachy geopolitical ardor. Sean Penn looks tired, and this movie grows more and more tiresome with every kill.
rotten	... A muddled, confusing mess built around a disinterested Penn, who seems to have decided his work was done when he left the weight room.
rotten	I doubt The Gunman will do much to advance Penn's foray into action-hero bankability, and that's probably a good thing. He's too fine an actor to be mired in nonstop shootouts while flashing his pecs and looking scowly.
rotten	Playing an assassin trying to atone for his past sins, Penn (who also gets a screenwriter credit alongside Pete Travis) strains to layer this standard thriller with social conscience.
rotten	This isn't so much a film in which every ageing male fantasist can invest as a film that works as an allegory for the state of Penn's career alone. A specialised taste, I suspect.
rotten	While it's an admirable attempt at a more grown-up type of entertainment, the movie winds up feeling rather leaden.
rotten	A dark European thriller like "The Gunman" usually requires a star who exudes cool detachment, not a firebrand like Sean Penn, who gamely proceeds in spite of the obvious miscasting.
rotten	...serious overacting by Penn...filled with hackneyed scenes...Winstone's accent so deep subtitles are needed...a nonsensical story.
rotten	From the opening scene through to the very last frame, "The Gunman" is completely predictable, and a brutally violent, gory mess. Despite its insane savagery, the beginning and end of "The Gunman" are downright laughable.
rotten	While director Pierre Morel manages to build tension in parts of "The Gunman", it's pretty hollow considering we don't care much for Jim Terrier, Penn's character.
rotten	If the film had been more of a slow-burn, centered on mystery and intrigue, with bursts of hard-R action, all concerned might have really had something here. (Full Content Review -- Sex, Profanity, Violence, etc. -- for Parents also available)
rotten	The Gunman degenerates into dreary setups for guns and gore. Penn merits more. So do we.
rotten	Sean Penn tries to better Liam Neeson in the middle-aged ass-kicker action film genre, and fails miserably.
rotten	Penn wanted to his own action franchise, but the production forgot all the basics, leaving the end result weirdly impotent.
fresh	Apparently, if you're a veteran Hollywood actor, you get your AARP card at 50 and your action movie franchise at 55.
fresh	The actors are good and the action is thrilling. And if the film isn't quite as seriously political as I'm guessing Penn told himself it was, it's definitely an offbeat change of pace for us.
rotten	Like a queasy blend of Still Alice and The Bourne Identity.
rotten	The film's real fault is its 'hero', a glum, sour-faced sociopath who it's almost impossible to root for.
rotten	Obviousness prevails.
rotten	The kind of throughly anonymous and undistinguished film that barely would have passed muster as a mid-2000s DTV project top-lining a third-tier TV star.
rotten	It devolves into a mess of worn plot lines. If Morel wanted to give Penn's career new life as a world-weary action hero, he missed his target.
rotten	Nothing but a standard-issue series of action tropes that grow more and more ludicrous as each tries to top the last.
rotten	Stars too often produce the kind of movie they want to star in, instead of the kind of movie anyone wants to watch.
rotten	With this effort, Penn is way off the mark.
rotten	The Gunman is a wild misfire.
rotten	Part of the contract that movies of this sort forge with moviegoers is that the reasons for all the running and gunning won't get in the way of the action. "The Gunman" doesn't play by those rules.
rotten	Penn is dour and not the least bit heroic in this movie. He survives the action sequences but neither they nor his participation in them gets the blood pumping.
rotten	Penn's gym-bunny loveliness is the most attractively toned part of the film. Everything else is out of condition.
rotten	Sean Penn has spent a lot of time in the gym lately. We know this because, well, it's hard to ignore when a 54-year-old man grimly grabs every opportunity to shed his shirt.
rotten	The Gunman is a pretty dumb movie in smart package.
rotten	The movie's veiled indictment of multinational corporate interests that generate unrest in Third World nations for their own financial gain also falls somewhat flat, taking a back seat to the shoot-'em-up histrionics.
rotten	While it has its fair share of white-knuckle moments, The Gunman gets bogged down by uneven storytelling and a mostly wasted cast.
rotten	A plot that makes no sense, characters that are barely there, and a denouement that is an insult to everybody's intelligence, all combine to make Penn's action-man debut fire blanks.
rotten	Too portentous to work as an action-hero romp, and far too sweaty and derivative to have any kind of political or satirical kick, the movie misses almost every target at which it aims.
rotten	If the film's intent is to condition the audience into a distaste for violence through boredom, it succeeds.
rotten	Mr. Penn, aiming for weary, battered intensity, settles into a zone somewhere between fatigue and indigestion.
rotten	A dum-dum action picture that briefly pretends to be about world aid before returning to muscular, middle-aged men beating the snot out of each other.
rotten	This is a stupid movie about a muscular superman beating and shooting the living hell out of all those who would cross him. It's not an apologia for continental destruction.
fresh	I've pretty much always enjoyed watching Penn in everything, not despite of his hambone tendency to milk every moment of every shot but because of it. This stupid movie is no exception ...
rotten	Whatever else we might think of Sean Penn's bid for an active middle age via The Gunman, we can't doubt his enthusiasm.
rotten	Imagine The Constant Gardener crunched back and forth through Google Translate in several Bantu languages, then fished out of a swamp with pages missing.
fresh	Director Pierre Morel is the real hero here, supercharging the genre material with touches of brilliance.
rotten	OK, we've seen the biceps and the abs. Very nice. Now, back to the brain.
rotten	The movie doesn't quite approach a level of irresponsibility, but its all-around lack of responsibility is off-putting.
rotten	Morel may have some of the world's greatest actors are on hand for the proceedings, but he isn't creative enough to use their talents to effectively elevate the screenplay to something that transcends the genre.
rotten	The only redeeming feature about The Gunman is its exotic locations.
rotten	Penn and his fellow actors are fine at conversation, but there are more dialogue-driven subplots here than a movie full of bullets and land mines requires.
rotten	The Gunman is well-meaning, but it lacks the spark that made Taken such a compelling tale.
rotten	I can imagine Sean Penn agreeing to star in this Taken knockoff on the condition that it educate moviegoers about humanitarian crises in Africa; it does, but the film feels misshapen as a result.
rotten	Bardem appears almost bored playing second fiddle to Penn's mirthless, unapproachable, irritating assassin. Trinca has so little material to work with that her pleasant demeanor can't hold the screen for the brief time she's been allowed.
rotten	Jim is a former bad guy himself, which lends an extra layer of moral ambiguity to the action; not enough to qualify as profundity, but at least it's something more to think about than the snazzy sports car he manages to pick up while on the run.
rotten	"The Gunman" is a predictable slog through action-movie tropes, and Penn's intensity isn't a good fit.
fresh	A well-executed thriller that leaves us stirred but not shaken.
fresh	There's a grubby, redemptive quality that makes this tough-minded flick feel like the son of "Serpico" and "Salvador."
rotten	"The Gunman" may start as a genre exercise of promising purpose, but it winds up being just a lot of bull.
rotten	It's a tasty cast, but the script does not do its job in crucial areas, letting the audience get way, way out ahead of the reveals.
fresh	It succeeds, partly because the moral climate it presents seems so confused, but mainly because of Penn's particular aura of irascible integrity.
rotten	The Gunman felt as long and made me as bored as the fancy rifle he initially shoots with.
rotten	Penn has pumped himself up to absurd dimensions for the role, but it doesn't make him look like a badass; it just makes him look like a movie star who's trying too hard.
rotten	The result is a relentlessly dour film livened up only by Bardem's shameless scenery-chewing and the occasional jolt of action.
rotten	Penn remains a furiously committed method actor, even in a paycheck role such as this one. But he's not enough to prevent the film from becoming the same-old.
rotten	With Morel at the helm this was never going to be more than a dumb shoot 'em up and...well, dumb it certainly is.
rotten	While Sean Penn lends this thriller some political subtext, the fact remains that it's actually just another vacuous revenge fantasy from Taken director Pierre More...
rotten	Almost everything about The Gunman is by-the-numbers, which is fine, but it doesn't even tell a familiar story particularly well.
fresh	Yes, there are plot holes aplenty, but the action is tautly staged by Morel and that makes "The Gunman" a satisfactory time-passer.
rotten	A lightweight thriller posing as a heavy political drama, or vice-versa. Not thoughtful and no fun.
rotten	May it enjoy its second life as a lazy Sunday TV dad movie.
rotten	The Gunman is beautiful on the outside but ugly on the inside.
rotten	There's something especially noxious about the way "The Gunman" (which, surprisingly, Penn co-wrote) uses the genuine historical tragedy of the exploitation of African resources as an excuse for arm-snapping, throat-stabbing, head-shooting action.
rotten	Surprising how much this well-shot disappointment runs from the situation it introduces in order to make sure the white guy gets to the bottom of his own problem.
rotten	The Gunman is too disorganized and sloppy to make sense as political commentary or to work on the most basic level as a globe-trotting chase thriller.
rotten	Too portentous to really entertain, even in spite of itself.
rotten	This is a dull and convoluted mess that takes too long to get going, and unfortunately keeps going and going and going until the silly finale.
rotten	Unfortunately, nobody ever won an Oscar for washboard abs. And nobody is going to win five seconds of admiration for 115 minutes of tedium in The Gunman.
rotten	The Gunman lacks the all-killer, no-filler efficiency of [Pierre Morel's] biggest success, Taken.
rotten	A tired old piece of action junk that expects us to sympathize with a very bad man. We don't.
rotten	Watching Penn pump iron and denounce capitalism for two hours would be roughly as illuminating as this monotonous Euro-thriller.
rotten	Penn conjures no special aura in The Gunman. When it comes to the lunatic game of macho heroics, he's only a super-respectable contender.
rotten	Is it a serious political film tackling the plight of central Africa or a silly blast 'em up that's all about cheap thrills?
rotten	The writing is wooden and Penn obviously knows it... If Penn is helpless against exposition-heavy dialogue, what chance do the other actors stand?
fresh	Generic. Preachy. Predictable. But watchable.
fresh	This is a watchable thriller with enough all-action set pieces to carry you along, particularly a lengthy sequence in the Barcelona bullring.
rotten	While one can certainly see Penn's attraction to a globe-trotting, gun-toting, hard-loving role such as this, one also can't help but wonder how it all falls so flat.
rotten	Too often feels like just another slice of brainless Eurotrash, packed with saw-it-coming plot twists, half-hearted car chases and an angsty hero with zero charisma.
fresh	Penn's need to be seen as a guy of integrity is left naked in The Gunman, but at least he's having some fun with the action-movie trappings, and with taking his shirt off.
fresh	A Sean Penn vehicle affording the surprisingly-buff (if long in the tooth) matinee idol ample opportunities to put his pecs on display in high-impact fight sequences as well as lingering love scenes.
rotten	A genuine disappointment, given the talent involved, and a rare misstep for Penn, who can't save this moribund vanity project.
fresh	For a film with such a thinly worked conspiracy, The Gunman is inexplicably hard to follow, relying on lack of clarity to disguise by-the-numbers plotting. Still, if you're in the market for some well-wrought mayhem, you could certainly do a lot worse.
rotten	A cut above pure exploitation, The Gunman adds a dose of humanitarian medicine to the Taken formula.
rotten	It's crass, clumsy and sometimes shockingly bad.
rotten	The lack of any visual ingenuity, reflexivity, or awareness of genre tropes diminishes the intermittent pleasures of the action's slightly involving kineticism.
rotten	If the matador got gored, this would be a marginally better movie, but Sean Penn's g.f. is too young for him, Javier Bardem is an embarrassment as a drunk, and the frantic fight editing is the usual standard stuff.
rotten	The kind of film that can't be bothered to do any more with its Spanish setting than have a showdown at a bullfight.
rotten	The Gunman needs to be Taken to task.
rotten	The Gunman is nothing more than Sean Penn's mid-life crisis vanity project, and it isn't worth the price of admission.
rotten	Sadly, Penn's veiny, sweat-glazed biceps are the most objectively impressive feature of this rote, humorless thriller, a distinctly unconvincing attempt to refashion the star ... as a middle-aged action hero in the Liam Neeson mold.
rotten	Leisurely, unfocused, and a little too indulgent of its star.
rotten	Ultimately this feels like a vanity project designed to do for Penn's bankability, Africa, Spain and mercenaries what the Taken franchise did for Liam Neeson, Paris and Albanian gangsters.
rotten	What begins and ends as an exploration of Western exploitation of the Congo mostly follows the standard track of the retired hit-man who realizes that he hasn't quite yet eluded the sins of the past.
rotten	Considering the level of talent involved, one would and should expect better.
rotten	Not the same league as Muscle Shoals and 20 Feet from Stardom, but a valuable addition
fresh	This Memory Lane is lined with gold.
fresh	The Wrecking Crew isn't about something falling apart, but a specific moment in time: a time that, as a viewer, you keep wanting to revisit.
fresh	I doubt there will be a more entertaining documentary this year.
fresh	A must-see for liner-note readers.
fresh	The movie really shines in interviews with the Crew themselves, taking on the feeling of an old reunion. These oldies are indeed golden.
fresh	Good-natured look at the virtuoso workhorses of classic rock and pop.
fresh	A music-filled, appreciative but not fawning account of the session musicians who helped make so many of the 1960s' records great.
fresh	"The Wrecking Crew" succeeds as important cultural history. But it's also deeply personal for Tedesco ...
fresh	It can be uncomfortable to pull back the curtain on some of the most beloved rock songs of all time. Yet, it's worth it in order to meet The Wrecking Crew.
fresh	Pays fond tribute to the musicians who were behind so much of the rock 'n' roll soundtrack of boomers' lives [as] an insiders' memoir . . . in loose, not chronological edit.
fresh	The Wrecking Crew is breezy, intriguing, tuneful, joyous stuff for anyone. For rock and pop fans, though, it's absolute catnip.
fresh	The Wrecking Crew is a vital part of the narrative of the golden age of popular music recording, and contains elements that will certainly be used for future, perhaps more sophisticated tellings of this period.
fresh	Inviting and informative, giving needed dimension to blockbuster singles and masterful performers. Utilizing a sensational soundtrack is merely icing on the cake.
fresh	Fans of those great old recordings of the late '60s and '70s will lap this up
rotten	Mostly, it's hagiography, with stars like Cher and Brian Wilson used as character witnesses to the players' greatness.
fresh	'60s and '70s music lovers will rejoice.
rotten	The Wrecking Crew resonates as a hastily assembled missed opportunity, an introduction of interesting, feature-worthy content that spends more than 90 minutes only journeying skin-deep.
fresh	It'll make you listen to "Good Vibrations," a song you've heard a million times, with fresh ears.
fresh	There's lots of interviews with cheerful musicians but not much focus or context. They're wonderful people, though, Kaye and Blaine and Campbell and Tommy Tedeso and Leon Russell and their friends.
fresh	The musicians' memories, coupled with the murderers' row of killer tunes that play on the soundtrack, carry you along and recreate a period in the music industry that's long since vanished.
fresh	The story of studio rock's secret weapon...
fresh	Though their story has taken decades to reach the screen, it has been worth the wait.
fresh	Denny Tedesco's lively and loving documentary takes its title from the name collectively applied to the group of two to three dozen Los Angeles studio musicians who dominated rock and pop recordings there during the 1960s and early '70s.
fresh	With its release held up for seven years because of rights issues, Denny Tedesco's illuminating documentary about the unsung L.A. session musicians who provided the backbeat for some of the greatest songs from the '50s through the '80s can now be seen.
fresh	The studio musicians rarely got credit on or off the albums. In The Wrecking Crew, Denny Tedesco, whose father was a Wrecking Crew guitarist, rights that wrong.
fresh	The unsung heroes who played on stacks of wax during the '60s pop era are celebrated in a hugely entertaining documentary.
fresh	No, nobody emerges as a breakout the way Darlene Love did in "Twenty Feet," but I greatly enjoyed spending 100 minutes with these people.
fresh	The story of The Wrecking Crew always deserved to be told and this incredible documentary does a first class job
fresh	Incredibly engaging and equally informative music documentary.
fresh	Extremely sweet-natured. Short on drama and full of good vibrations, it's awfully hard not to like.
fresh	The Wrecking Crew is a provocative look back at an art form in transition.
fresh	There are a thousand stories to be told in the studios where these session players cut some of the greatest records of all time, which makes it disappointing that there isn't more to be found in "The Wrecking Crew."
fresh	Fascinating ...
fresh	As you attend a master class in music and recording, you also get one of the most entertaining movies of the year.
rotten	Overall, the documentary comes off as a solipsistic, uncritical look at an incredible moment in the history of American music.
fresh	These unsung heroes are the subject of an illuminating, witty and comprehensive documentary by Denny Tedesco, son of the Crew's inventive guitarist, the late Tommy Tedesco.
fresh	With a son's love and duty, Tedesco ... breezily celebrates the team that laid down a thousand riffs back just before pop became too serious for anonymous craftsmanship.
fresh	The majority of 'The Wrecking Crew' is simply listing the many, many, many, many, many songs the subjects helped craft.
fresh	A good "behind the music" genre documentary that took entirely too long to reach theaters and suffers by comparison with some of the films that it inspired.
fresh	The enchanting Kaye - "I was making more money than the President" - probably deserves her own film.
fresh	It's astounding to consider how many eternal earworms are in our brains, courtesy of this accomplished group of West Coast musicians.
fresh	Long on nostalgia, the film does shed further light on the genius of Brian Wilson and the unfair uproar over the Monkees' need for musical backup. Turns out even the Beach Boys required the Wrecking Crew to rock.
fresh	This sing-along, joyful doc unearths a group of musicians who actually played all the music on the LPS by the Byrds, Cher, Nancy and Frank Sinatra, the Beach Boys, the Monkees, and Captain and Tennille. A must to see and listen to.
fresh	Airplane docu is visually stunning for transportation fans.
rotten	Ideal as a promotional item at a trade convention, the movie pales next to its more nature-oriented large-format competition.
rotten	This giant-screen rhapsody on the power of airplanes to revolutionize the world winds up offering little more than an endorsement of the tourism and shopping industries.
rotten	A compelling story with fascinating characters, undone by a script that does the opposite of what its real-life Liberian missionaries would do: it doesn't take any chances.
fresh	It's a satisfying surprise indeed to find a "Mormon movie" willing to confront the church's legacy of racism head-on.
fresh	Through the adventure, both powerful and funny, Batty and co-screenwriter Melissa Leilani Larson also create a deeply moving depiction of day-to-day missionary work.
fresh	Cinematographer Jeremy Prusso catches some stunning imagery, Robert Allen Elliott's score is genuinely stirring, and the cast, most of whom are from Monrovia, is uniformly excellent.
rotten	Draggy and one-note, [Freetown is] an indie more interested in reaffirming Mormon dogma than in delivering compelling drama.
rotten	A dawdling, flat account of African missionaries on the run from rebels that takes forever to get going and even longer to arrive.
fresh	A startling, strange, and disturbing tale of dogs and men
fresh	What it all means is open to interpretation. Read it as a parable or as a horror movie. Read it as the story of love between a girl and her dog. Read it however you want. No matter what your take, you won't be disappointed.
fresh	Emotionally visceral, visually amazing movie with an underpinned social commentary that hits like a brick. See it.
fresh	As a dark, Eastern European take on "Benji the Hunted," "White God" holds some fascination. But as an indictment of the evil that men do, it's all bark and no bite.
fresh	White God has all the moralistic themes and allegorical elements to make the film evergreen when applied to almost any social, political or socio-economic conflict.
fresh	Dogs run wild in Budapest. Suggests a canine version of Alfred Hitchcock's "The Birds."
fresh	White God offers a dark - very dark - take on the way humans exert authority, and superiority, over our fellow creatures.
fresh	Kornel Mundruczo knows not of subtlety. The Hungarian director's brash new feature White God is over the top in all kinds of ways, for better and worse.
fresh	Call the shelter; this one's a keeper.
rotten	The obviousness of the message -- follow the right leader -- would be more tolerable in a less badly acted, less shoddy-looking film.
fresh	A mixed-genre fable that evokes Dickensian melodrama, coming-of-age tropes and outright horror.
fresh	Think "The Incredible Journey" crossed with "The Birds" crossed with "Rise of the Planet of the Apes." Or maybe just imagine "Cujo" as told from the dog's point of view. Don't take grandma.
fresh	It all pays off with an astounding, extended climax that is as rousing and exciting as it is frightening - one of the most surreal experiences I've ever had watching a movie.
fresh	Even those who don't buy in completely to Mundruczo's parable will be impressed by his canine crowd scenes, staged with ambition, skill and genuinely original vision.
fresh	Engrossing, and open to any number of metaphorical readings -- but not for people who can't handle simulated animal abuse in movies.
fresh	Unfortunately, whatever satisfaction you may derive from seeing assorted nasty human beings get what's coming to them for betraying the trust of man's best friend is watered down by vague social and political allegory.
fresh	By turns Dickensian, Marxist and dystopian, it's a movie as deliriously unclassifiable as it is expertly focused in its desire to provoke and entertain.
fresh	Intriguing, but the movie's larger statement isn't clear.
fresh	The whole production speaks well for the power of film; it's a serious stunner.
fresh	The film is no more than wildly inventive, engaging, exciting and memorable, with faultless performances by all the humans, and by Luke, Bodie and a Jack Russell terrier mix named Marlene. I can live with the disappointment.
fresh	Rarely does a film's execution achieve or even exceed its director's ambitions, but Hungarian director Kornel Mundruczo's "White God" is that rare movie.
fresh	White God is a feat of practical filmmaking...
fresh	Mundruczo's camera is itchy, moving, darting, as if sniffing, a "shaggy dog" approach, little nudges and sneaks ever so closer in scenes where the dogs move closer to war with mankind.
fresh	What holds Kornel Mundruczo's scrappy film all together is its fierce and forceful political metaphor: society's underdogs - be it ethnic minorities, the poor, the disenfranchised - if pushed too far, will bite back (in this case literally).
fresh	The filmmaker was wise choosing a species known for its capacity for unconditional love to make his point, its perversion all the more emotionally wrenching.
fresh	Milo and Otis by way of The Birds by way of I Spit On Your Grave.
fresh	This is fascinating to watch on a purely elemental level, as Mundruczo employs creative smoke-and-mirrors to make once cute dogs seem like menacing terrors.
fresh	Suffers at times from a scattershot tone...(but) Its marauding former pets and unresolved ending reminded me most of Hitchcock's "The Birds." That's certainly not a bad film to aspire to while crafting a needed cautionary tale.
fresh	... there is much to admire in this near exceptional film, and I guarantee you will be fully invested in the two leads.
fresh	Imagine an "R" rated Lassie by way of Spartacus. That's Kornel Mundruczo's White God, a brutal but stirring fantasy about street dogs rising up against cruel and indifferent humans.
fresh	A B revenge movie with A-plus direction by Kornel Mundruczo and a cast of canines so personable that even when they tear out people's throats you still want to take them home.
fresh	A rousing creature-feature thriller and political allegory, from Hungarian director Kornel Mundrucz.
fresh	The hand that feeds - and also brutalizes - is righteously bitten in "White God," a Hungarian revenge fantasy that's like nothing you've seen on screen before.
fresh	Hungarian director Kornel Mundruczo downplays White God as a "genre experiment," but his film has real bite regardless.
fresh	Somewhere between the future shock allegories of the '70s and their TV spin-offs circa The ABC Movie of the Week lies White God.
rotten	White God wants audiences to be moved because stray dogs are persecuted like homeless people. But viewers are prodded to despise the one actual street person in the movie for taking advantage of a dog.
fresh	The screen teems with vitality and energy whenever the dogs return to center stage.
fresh	When the violence gets unbearable, take comfort in the troop of trainers on the sidelines who prove that, for now, man and beast still make a good team.
fresh	Makes Lassie Come Home look like a stroll through Pet Smart.
rotten	It's ruthless but sentimental, gritty but fanciful, drop-dead serious but also a little impossible to take seriously.
fresh	I want to hug all the dogs in White God, as well as thank them for their performances in this intense and moving drama.
rotten	...could all just be an ineptly handled gag, like the agit-prop Euro-Benji film it occasionally resembles.
fresh	Director Kornel Mundruczo goes big with allegory, violence, drama and sentiment, and the results are riveting.
rotten	Imagine a gritty version of the 'Simpsons' episode where Santa's Little Helper runs away and becomes a scary fighting mutt - shorn of the Laddie subplot, alas.
fresh	"White God" isn't the first film to suggest that humanity's cruel treatment of others will one day come back to haunt us. But it certainly makes its point with potent force.
fresh	Striking, grim, darkly funny at times. But who, exactly, is going to want to watch a movie built around graphic dog abuse?
fresh	The more you command it to sit and stay-to settle down as a plausible plot, or to cohere as a political fable-the more it slips its leash and runs amok.
fresh	A poignant Hungarian parable about the terrible things that can happen when there is no reverence for dogs as fellow companions.
rotten	It affects a general air of artistically inclined realism, but it's mostly concerned with building tension via a steady accumulation of flatly conceived misery.
fresh	This gripping suspense story considers how any canine can become the unfortunate repository for its master's darkest impulses.
fresh	"Hungarian director Kornel Mundruczo's brave and tantalizing movie"
fresh	A wonderful movie that scores high as political allegory, Grand Guignol, and coming-of-age drama.
fresh	Beauty and the Beast with bared teeth.
fresh	Director Kornel Mundruczo's staging of the scenes in which the dogs take to the streets is breathtaking.
fresh	White God is perhaps the greatest dog movie made without CGI.
fresh	White God isn't for everyone. But it is an unflinching, extraordinary piece of film-making.
fresh	A beautiful and bizarre film that veers between gritty realism and haunting fantasy, and from a human perspective to a dog's-eye-view of the world.
fresh	Superbly acted allegorical drama with a climax that is not only breathtakingly exciting but flawlessly handled.
fresh	This is an entertaining, technically accomplished work, but unlike the 1982 Samuel Fuller race-relations thriller which the title references, its set-up ultimately proves distracting.
fresh	White God is an ambitious and thrilling, if a little uneven, canine-centric drama.
fresh	Who let the dogs out? This is Homeward Bound: The Incredibly Harrowing Journey ...
fresh	This powerful Hungarian drama features the Al Pacino of dog actors.
fresh	Mundruczo skillfully weaves adventure, coming-of-age, prison-escape and revenge-thriller tropes into a mythic, emotional and visceral experience that poses moral questions about how people treat animals and how people treat people.
fresh	A broad but often poignant allegory of oppression, it's like the beautiful puppy of Au Hasard Balthazar and The Plague Dogs.
fresh	Both a powerful statement for animal rights as well as a metaphorical commentary on the rise of racism in Hungary today.
fresh	White God is a breathtaking beast of its own.
fresh	an astonishing live-action fable in a dog-eat-dog world.
fresh	A sort of apocalyptic fable in which the maltreatment of lowly animals becomes a potent metaphor for everything from immigration to the abuse of power ...
fresh	...a triumphantly idiosyncratic film with smarts and visceral impact in equal measure.
fresh	It is a fantasia of canine madness that looks sometimes like a horror-thriller based on something by James Herbert or Stephen King - and sometimes like a tribute to Hitchcock's The Birds. Except that this time it's The Dogs.
fresh	Kornel Mundruczo's sixth and best feature is an emotionally rousing, technically masterful man-vs.-dog adventure.
rotten	A well-intentioned disaster, only slightly redeemed by a committed performance by Sean Bean, whose talent proves nowhere near enough to make this manipulative tripe more digestible.
rotten	A cliche-ridden, heavy-handed redemptive drama written and directed by Rustam Branaman.
rotten	Any Day falls into the painfully crowded trough between not-bad and seriously not-good movies.
rotten	Branaman's script piles on low-level drama, bad decisions, and enough misdirection to make the film's baffling ending feel not just unearned, but entirely unbelievable.
rotten	Either one of the most poorly edited features I've seen this year, or director Rustam Branaman is trying to pull off a colossal cinematic prank.
fresh	We know war is petty, we know it kills and divides, but Tangerines saddens us and makes us feel the pains of war, when it really counts.
fresh	The film works not because of any kind of historical specificity but because of its ability to simplify.
fresh	Writer-director Zaza Urushadze turns this fragile premise into a superior chamber drama.
fresh	Tangerines offers a relatively quiet reflection on the important elements in life. But the movie feels like the first two acts in a morality play, and I want to see the third.
fresh	Tangerines, the first Estonian picture nominated for the foreign-film Oscar, has a heart as ripe as the citrus fruit of its title, but its message doesn't yield much juice.
fresh	The acting is solid; Ulfsak is ideally cast as the easygoing, timeworn woodworker.
fresh	Georgian writer-director Zaza Urushadze avoids histrionics or moralizing, relying on a strong cast that expresses the film's central argument about war's absurdity largely through taciturn action, not words.
fresh	Simple, direct and achingly melancholy, "Tangerines" unfolds in a setting that feels timeless. Urushadze's filmmaking feels timeless, too, and it's rich, lovingly observed, masculine work that successfully shrugs off the temper of "macho."
rotten	There are some touching interactions between the players, but the film's humanism is too predictably calibrated.
fresh	It might be willfully naive, but it also successfully argues that the path to peace begins with a laying down of not only guns, but also cynicism and distrust.
fresh	"Tangerines" is an example of lean, unadorned old-school filmmaking where familiar style and technique combine to unexpectedly potent effect because of the great skill with which they've been employed.
rotten	Because the conflict between Abkhazians and Georgians is so sketchily drawn, the ultimate heartwarming tone of the film seems not so much unearned as unspectacular.
fresh	Tangerines becomes an object lesson in the resilience of ancient animosities, and the limits, sadly, of common sense.
rotten	Excellent performances from the ensemble cast [...] elevate what is an otherwise theatrical treatment of a timeworn narrative.
fresh	By the end, Georgian director-writer Zaza Urushadze has performed a small miracle by presenting the insanity of war in such a compact form.
rotten	Tangerines ends up being serviceably bleak, but rarely compelling.
rotten	Every time the viewer feels OK to kick back they're whacked them over the head by crude message-mongering or unsubtle ironies.
fresh	"Tangerines" is a modest film, sure of its proportions and clear about its intentions. The key to its effectiveness lies with the actors ...
fresh	This remarkable piece of antiwar cinema honors its theme, and the movie medium.
rotten	The shift from philosophical parrying to actual combat doesn't make Tangerines more compelling; on the contrary, it suggests that the filmmakers didn't have the confidence to tell their story without falling back on genre tropes.
rotten	Urushadze's excellent cast imbues their thinly drawn characters with a great deal of life, but the roles are so transparent that the film feels like more of an advertisement for peace than it does an argument for it.
fresh	The film telegraphs its pacifist message early on, but it's still deeply affecting.
fresh	As a writer-director, Urushadze has the vision to come up with lingering images-like Ivo's long, sensitive hands guiding pieces of wood to a buzzing saw-and the taste and the film sense to pick them up again only when needed.
fresh	Tangerines works primarily as a showcase for its trio of lead actors, who work hard to make their characters' gradual yet quick thaw seem not just credible, but inevitable.
fresh	A thoughtful, quietly compelling parable set in a time of civil war.
fresh	Small in scale if huge in heart and scope, Tangerines uses four characters to limn the religio-nationalistic hostilities unleashed by the dissolution of the Soviet Union in 1992.
fresh	The cinema, so infatuated with loud bangs and flowering orange blasts, does, as Ivo says, cheat us. Director/writer Zaza Urushadze instead gives us a clever, claustrophobic plot befitting a three-act play.
fresh	Tangerines is a tense, moving, nuanced anti-war drama.
rotten	For all of the potential, historically specific revelations regarding nation and religion, Tangerines elects to become bathetic hokum.
fresh	Accompanied by a melancholy but atmopsheric refrain from Niaz Diasamidz, which gives an excellent sense of place as well as adding to the elegiac mood, the film is a great example of how powerful and universal small but well-crafted stories can be.
fresh	Slaps an honest emotional sincerity and a dry, almost humorous pragmatism in the face of macho posturing and identity tribalism.
fresh	In an age of incestuous ties between the Pentagon and Hollywood that produces films like "American Sniper", thank god for the Estonians who remind us of what a horror war is.
fresh	A most effective antiwar movie though an oversimplification that seems to say that if you get two enemies to sit down with each other over soup, shashlik and a hard-boiled egg, a peace treaty will soon emerge.
fresh	Although the subject of civil war within the former Soviet countries has been tackled in other movies, this retelling is one of the most concise and affecting.
fresh	A small-scale, poignant and accessible anti-war statement.
fresh	It's solid stuff; well played, affectionately told, and still stirring in its role reversals, both personal and political.
fresh	A loving, faithful portrait of an era which was, let's face it, a bit dull. It feels like Victorians the way they wanted to see themselves more than Victorians as they actually were.
fresh	The magnificent Mulligan - grabbing our attention from the moment she appears in a tight-fitting strikingly dashing russet leather jacket to gallop across the Dorset countryside - rightly dominates this ravishing costume drama.
fresh	Bathsheba's three suitors represent...intimate friendship, sex and comfortable safety - but the new film flubs the character of the seducer...One cannot help but wonder what, say, Robert Pattinson might have brought to this role.
fresh	Handsomely mounted, this is a period drama in which both unspoken demands and stated appetites drive the emotions that simmer below the surface from the first frame.
fresh	A chance to see another fine portrayal by Mulligan, and an opportunity to spend a few hours in a fevered fantasy world of prim and proper ladies and hot-headed shepherd boys.
fresh	The Victorian-era heroine is cast as a feminist in director Thomas Vinterberg's sumptuous adaptation.
rotten	While the costumes and the scenery look great, there's not much beneath the surface.
fresh	A film that feels charged with life and hunger and romantic-erotic energy, with the ever-present danger of fire and storm and financial catastrophe that connected life in 19th-century rural England to the Middle Ages, and to mythology.
fresh	The madding now comes so close on the heels of the gladding and the sadding, that it isn't until the very end, that you realize you've been artfully shepherded - stampeded, really - right off an emotional cliff.
fresh	Because Mulligan's Bathsheba is such an encompassing portrait, I never felt as if I was watching a "type." Bathsheba, with all her warring impulses, is ferociously her own woman.
fresh	Less ethereal and flirty than Julie Christie's Bathsheba, Mulligan anchors the film and stirs the viewer with her contradiction-filled, flesh-and-blood, dynamic portrait of a norm-busting Hardy heroine.
rotten	What viewers are left with is a flop of a film that weakly gestures at ideas that deserve a lot better.
fresh	Mulligan is terrific in this role, her multivalent delivery of the dialogue doing much to enrich her character.
rotten	In the end, this Far From the Madding Crowd is a handsome but bloodless version of the Hardy classic.
fresh	A lovely looking, sweetly scored mid- market diversion.
fresh	Just try to stop yourself from swooning.
fresh	Vinterberg is clearly more interested in the characters' emotional, romantic entanglements than in being stuffy or classy.
fresh	Vinterberg may rush the final act, but he brings out the wild side in Mulligan, who can hold a close-up like nobody's business. She's a live wire in a movie that knows how to stir up a classic for the here and now.
rotten	The fact that this film prompts not a sob but a shrug is a tragedy all of its own.
fresh	Lovers of period drama should not feel disappointed but it does lack some of the wild passion and intensity required truly to capture your heart.
fresh	Mulligan is spot-on, the rest hovers between solid and forgettable.
rotten	Feels like a missed opportunity to do a country romantic melodrama in grand style.
fresh	A thoroughly modern film anyone can relate to - it's like a "what a woman wants" discussion set in Victorian times. It's also an instant classic.
fresh	Brilliant counter programming to the impending onslaught of superheroes and excessive noise in the multiplex is this vigorous, melodramatic re-imagining of rural Victorian England.
fresh	There is romance and drama in the story, tragedy and betrayal, but it engages in a bracing fashion with issues of class, honor, and values.
fresh	The film is at its strongest in the scenes between Bathsheba and Gabriel Oak (Matthias Schoenaerts).
fresh	I was captivated. Carey Mulligan gives an Oscar (R)-quality performance; it never occurred to me that she was acting...ably supported by a fine cast and beautiful cinematography. This is one of the best films I've seen this century.
fresh	A glowing Carey Mulligan illuminates the screen as Bathsheba Everdene in this lush adaptation of Far from the Madding Crowd.
fresh	The story remains gripping and the cast is wonderful, with Mulligan proving an altogether less tortured Hardy heroine than usual.
fresh	There is much pleasure in watching these fine actors navigate rough emotional waters, each conveying as much in sidewise glances as they do in direct discourse.
fresh	All in all, it's a perfectly decent take on Hardy's timeless tale.
fresh	"Far from the Madding Crowd" has its appeal. Yet like unrequited love, one can't help but lament what might have been.
fresh	It's buoyant, pleasant and easygoing. That's a recommendation of sorts, and also an expression of disappointment.
fresh	A woman fights to keep her freedom in Thomas Hardy's love quadrangle, rendered visually by director Thomas Vinterberg in a poised, crisp, and actor-centric film.
fresh	pleasant if predictable
fresh	Far from the Madding Crowd is pretty to look at, even if it is a sort of SparkNotes version of Thomas Hardy's novel.
fresh	An amazing meditation on yearning and the brimming hearts of three men and the woman they all want to marry.
fresh	It is also beautifully filmed, offering a vivid sense of both time and place as the camera scans the rugged beauty of the rural landscape, but mostly it is what you want any drama to be: involving.
rotten	For a story that's all about choice and consequence, the way it rips through plot points in the latter half makes the ending feel more like an inevitable contrivance than a maturation. Although, in fairness, the scenery always stays just as beautiful.
rotten	In trying to create a feminist icon out of a decidedly Victorian character (just look at her name), the movie loses sight of the actual story it came to tell.
fresh	An enthralling, complex, nimbly acted drama with a sweeping romance that doesn't shy away from sexual politics.
rotten	Bathsheba should be more than a dress-up doll, and the rest more than a potboiler. Lost in the gloss is Hardy's weirdness, and with it half his greatness.
fresh	It's a wholly respectable adaptation, though perhaps a flash or two more of wildness wouldn't have gone amiss.
fresh	This filmed version of Hardy's fourth novel is well worth seeing. It rises head and shoulders above most of what we've been seeing lately.
fresh	If there's one complaint about "Far From the Madding Crowd," it's that the chemistry between Mulligan and Schoenaerts doesn't totally spark. But then, how much pizzazz does one really expect from Victorian England?
fresh	As a cinematic condensation, it mostly works, even if the pace sometimes feels a bit frantic.
rotten	A "Far From the Madding Crowd" in which romance is a matter of audience indifference or benign mystification is an adaptation not firing on all cylinders.
fresh	This new take on the Thomas Hardy classic vividly captures the story's modern themes through complex performances from a sharp cast...
fresh	This is a classic story told with genuine craft, and featuring a truly great performance by Carey Mulligan.
rotten	It struggles, like so many Thomas Hardy adaptations before it, to find a purpose for itself beyond "widescreen study guide." Picturesque and impersonal, it evacuates incident upon incident, as though Hardy's plotting were the runs.
fresh	Waiting in rapt, nail-biting tension for even the tiniest bit of catharsis equates to wonderful drama, and if adorable hats can also enter into the equation, all the better.
rotten	Will no doubt captivate future generations of tenth-graders who couldn't be bothered to read the book, but it flattens the complex characters and grand scope of Hardy's novel into an airless and overly truncated CliffsNotes version.
fresh	"Far From the Madding Crowd" is one the most satisfying, finest romantic period dramas to grace screens, big or small, in awhile.
fresh	Even if you don't consider yourself an easy mark for literary bodice-rippers served with a side of sexual politics, this Madding Crowd gives you plenty of reason to swoon.
fresh	[VIDEO ESSAY] What a difference a remake can make.
fresh	It's easy to read this 19th century tale as modern and feminist, but it's even more exciting is how right it gets sloppy, not always sensible emotions.
fresh	Ultimately, this is a romance, so our heroine never strays too far from the appointed path - and its swoony end - but the director also gives her space to explore what it might be like to, well, just have your own piano.
fresh	A well-cast period romance aching with longing
fresh	Ridiculously romantic in all the best ways, and more modern, more progressive, and even just plain more grownup that half the movies thrown at us today.
fresh	Sprawling romantic novels such as Hardy's are often best suited to serial television, because bringing heart and mind into sync takes time, so it's just as well that - apart from the brutal tailoring - Mulligan is seamless.
rotten	Tom Sturridge is too numbly featureless to channel the cruel but sexy Sergeant Troy; they don't call them wooden soldiers for nothing. Sadly, his performance is perhaps the perfect counterpart to Mulligan's.
fresh	Madding Crowd will remind viewers of how hungry they are for an epic romance minus the cynicism and snark.
fresh	I was never a fan of the 1967 version with Julie Christie, but director Thomas Vinterberg gets it all right this time with this hugely romantic adaptation of Thomas Hardy's novel that features a never-better Carey Mulligan in the lead role.
fresh	Carey Mulligan's commanding performance is an easy beacon to follow: her Bathsheba is caught between the vulnerability of youth and the strength of knowing her own value.
fresh	For all the bucolic beauty and ravishing romance, we're reminded that violence is never far from the surface - and Vinterberg captures the brewing tragedy magnificently.
fresh	Extremely well done and well acted, it's an attractive, appealing, involving adaptation, just not as iconic as the '60s film.
fresh	Though its social scope is narrower than Hardy's, you do come away from it with a true sense of the shrouded world that he devised, where fate could frown upon even the blithest day.
rotten	The lack of real analysis or consideration leaves this perilously close to a Goldilocks-style depiction of privileged female indecision.
fresh	David Nicholls deserves huge credit for condensing Hardy's sprawling melodrama into a rollicking screenplay that comes in at under two hours and still hits all the major plot points.
fresh	Carey Mulligan is a delight to watch in her authentic recreation of a feminist looking for a man who is able to "tame" her.
fresh	[It] has one great strength: an outstanding performance in this difficult, perhaps fundamentally incoherent, role from Carey Mulligan, far more intense, compelling and modern than Christie, much more intimately filmed.
fresh	With dashing redcoats, picturesque bucolic vistas and heaving bosoms aplenty, there is more than enough in Danish director Thomas Vinterberg's gorgeous adaptation of Thomas Hardy's classic novel to treat any lingering Poldark withdrawal symptoms.
rotten	Boasts fine performances and pristine technical credits, but fails to make a deep connection as it jolts awkwardly towards a sweet finale.
fresh	What does register at every turn is a vibrant sense of time and place that pulls us into Hardy's bygone world even when the drama falters.
fresh	This is an interesting, heartfelt but flawed Hardy adaptation.
fresh	Nicely served on both sides of the camera, this is a concise and involving rendition of the story of a resilient young woman who comes into property in Victorian England's West Country and is courted by three suitors, all of whom have pluses and minuses.
fresh	Must-see rock doc.
fresh	From this vantage point, what's most miraculous is that, almost by accident, Lambert and Stamp corralled the chaos of four unsightly, sulky talents and fashioned it into something for the ages.
fresh	Lambert and Stamp played a crucial, heretofore largely hidden, role in shaping pop-culture history - not to mention the noisy, visceral, rebellious zeitgeist of th-th-th-their generation.
fresh	Refreshingly free-form, rough-riffing, pastiche portrait of an era.
fresh	Proves the value in having an oral history experienced visually rather than just verbally.
rotten	If you're not a world-class Who fan, this is deep inside baseball. If, like me, you are, it seems like a missed opportunity ...
fresh	The film is fascinating in its exploration of the give-and-take between art and commerce.
fresh	The fascinating part of this origin story is that one of history's best known bands found success not at the hands of a music producer but in the custody of two filmmakers.
fresh	"Lambert & Stamp" is a niche film, but it is a big niche with generations of Who fans that have been loyal to the band for decades.
fresh	You don't need to be fan of The Who to enjoy this documentary. It's universal themes include an analysis of opposites attracting, genius marketing, creative nurturing and the inevitable clashing dynamics of a rock 'n roll band.
fresh	First things first: If you're a fan of The Who, you're going to love Lambert & Stamp.
fresh	A vital and untethered account of one of the prime bands of its era, along with a revealing portrait of that era.
fresh	Lovingly documents the ways in which two unlikely men, largely improvising through an unfamiliar world, harnessed a unique energy that still propels one of the great bands.
fresh	Fascinating, but almost as chaotic and disorganized as the band itself
fresh	For all the Who's flamboyance and rock-god excess, the more fascinating story behind them may well have been that of Kit Lambert and Chris Stamp ...
fresh	A sharply crafted, highly entertaining portrait of two young Londoners who made their names and fortunes by managing a fledgling band called the High Numbers, who became The Who.
fresh	The band's first managers take center stage in this fascinating time capsule of swinging '60s London: Kit Lambert was a blue blood with a dizzying musical IQ; Chris Stamp had the Carnaby Street flash.
fresh	What sets Lambert & Stamp apart from the common rock documentary is that its focus isn't on the band, but the big-thinking management duo behind them ... It's a refreshing angle.
fresh	Although Lambert .. died in 1981, his presence is felt in the rich archival footage and the perceptive on-screen accounts that compellingly demonstrate the alchemy that can transpire when kismet and perseverance intersect ...
fresh	There is enough archival footage to make you feel as if you were there, or at least sorry that you missed it all.
fresh	They weren't much to look at, but with a little backstage help, they saw for miles. Lambert & Stamp never makes it so far, but it's an admirable addendum to rock history.
fresh	Fans of The Who will find this film a rock Rosetta Stone. Students of the often anarchic creative process will be fascinated.
rotten	Pop oral history at its most formless and fannish: fixated on juicy tidbits, points of influences, and historical cameos, and sorely lacking a point of view.
fresh	Many great docs have been made about The Who (including the ecstatic "The Kids Are All Right"), but "Lambert & Stamp" gets closest to the band's fragility and unlikely story.
rotten	Shot through with '60s London energy, illuminating on several fronts and featuring bits of many great Who tracks, the film is nevertheless a mess that should be taught in film schools to illustrate how not to edit a documentary.
fresh	James D. Cooper treats Lambert & Stamp as the cinematic equivalent of a rich oral history, letting the principal players talk, often at length, about their experiences.
fresh	[Lambert & Stamp] will mean the most for those with a deep appreciation for the minutiae of British rock 40 years ago.
fresh	The rare truthful and beautiful film about the rock 'n' roll life.
fresh	Riotously entertaining.
fresh	Blessed with a wealth of golden b&w footage, James D. Cooper's poundingly fun, scrappy profile has an unusually satisfying nuts-and-bolts perspective on the '60s fame machine.
fresh	A wonderfully alive behind-the-music chronicle that rescues two genuine mavericks from the footnotes of rock history.
fresh	[VIDEO ESSAY] Even if you've never heard of "The Who," as improbable as that seems, "Lambert & Stamp" is an infectiously captivating retelling of that brilliant band's origin and strange journeys...
fresh	James D. Cooper's impeccably directed debut is a definitive screen bio of the Who and its-rock operatic rise.
fresh	Arrives someplace quite different from traditional revenge tales.
fresh	Broodingly effective as a crime drama because it's driven by family dynamics as much as the mechanics of transgression.
fresh	A quiet, contemplative film that shows how one small act of rebellion and violence can escalate and destroy a family. Great performances and cinematography work hampered by an unnecessary twist ending.
fresh	A somber piece of film poetry about men so invested in a rigid notion of honor and revenge they become trapped in an endless loop of violence.
fresh	Munzi's meticulous scene-setting allows tension to build gradually, the camera idling on darkly lit interiors and contrasting these spaces with the decaying beauty of similarly long exterior shots of the village.
fresh	Munzi builds slowly, inexorably, to an ending that's as shocking as it is inevitable. He's more interested in character development, offhand gibes over pasta and wine, than he is 'Goodfellas' shootouts.
fresh	Tales of Italians and organized crime are, quite frankly, starting to wear thin after years of overuse. But "Black Souls" has a deep and startling soulfulness that, despite its shocking conclusion, is profoundly moving.
fresh	A real life interpretation of the "Godfather" series that strips away the glamour and leaves only despair.
fresh	It may not quite have the explosive charm of some of the classics, but Black Souls is an elegant, unsettling addition to the gangster-movie canon. Get on its unique wavelength, and you may find it transfixing.
fresh	If you're looking for an intelligent, atmospheric, slow-burning crime drama that's anti-Hollywood, Black Souls won't disappoint you.
fresh	"Black Souls" isn't quite the great film the international cinema buzz machine has touted it to be in some circles, but it is a very good one, the kind that ends with such gravity that you feel its weight for a while after.
fresh	"Black Souls" is an ominous, well-acted portrait of an ingrown feudal society of violence, retaliation and deadly machismo.
fresh	Dispenses with the romanticized version of the mafia in American films and depicts the reality most Italians know: pointless violence and greed that eats away at society.
fresh	An undeniably powerful piece of work.
fresh	"Black Souls" hurts.
fresh	Black Souls is chilling, but it's also familiar.
fresh	"Black Souls" is a solid example of the recent string of Italian mob dramas that utilizes a somber and reflective tone as opposed to the more flashy and stylized approach of American crime epics
rotten	The ensemble cast is strong, and the filmmaking supple, but the narrative never quite catches fire.
fresh	Black Souls spins an elegant yet intense tragedy about the unexpected turns violence can take.
fresh	The makers of Black Souls, a superior Italian gangster movie, deserve praise for executing with atypical sensitivity a generic times-are-changing/nostalgia-for-an-imaginary-chivalrous-yesteryear scenario.
fresh	Black Souls... chooses the classic route of Greek tragedy, which is a natural match for the hard-faced, tight-lipped characters who spiral into general disaster.
fresh	Scenes are allowed to build slowly, and while at first the narrative seems difficult to fully grasp, the elements all fall into place.
fresh	A shaded, slow-burning crime drama from the Italian director Francesco Munzi.
fresh	What Black Souls does very well is to recapture the essential primitivism of conflicts based upon honour, fear of insult and the desire for revenge.
fresh	A film that can be frustrating in its steadfast refusal to be clear about who's who, but by the end has become an effective neo-noirish parable about how slippery and shifting the truth is.
fresh	This cosmopolitan noir thriller sometimes raises more questions than it has answers, just like its characters, but remains a compelling and well-acted murder mystery.
fresh	Boyle, known best for a string of winning romantic comedies (Surrogate Valentine, Daylight Savings) now finds himself making a successful leap to the dark side with this decidedly "hard-Boyled" genre picture.
fresh	Man From Reno is more old-fashioned than postmodern, steeped in the scenic San Fran of Vertigo.
fresh	The moody Man From Reno,/i> is a slow-burn, atmospheric, low-budget thriller that also offers an intriguing blast of culture clash.
fresh	If you can hang on for close to two hours with almost no resolution, it's worth the ride.
fresh	A fine showreel of local talent, writer-director David Boyle's methodical thriller is steeped in the rich tradition of San Francisco noir, yet never suffocates under its influences.
fresh	Fujitani's Aki is a charmingly curious, touchingly sad, consistently smart noir heroine. Serna, a longtime character actor, excels as the small-town sheriff treading an unfamiliarly cruel landscape. He never seems stock.
rotten	Instead of building toward a climax, the film drifts off into nothingness, with a last scene that will send people shuffling out of the theater thinking, "Who cares?"
fresh	Writer-director Dave Boyle is best known for his offbeat rom-coms with San Francisco musician Goh Nakamura (Surrogate Valentine, Daylight Savings), and his gift for eccentric characters redeems this standard whodunit.
fresh	This inscrutable adventure proves a pure delight to unravel from beginning to end.
fresh	An intricately, even densely, plotted mystery/thriller that casts an unusual spell from its opening scene.
fresh	"Man From Reno" fascinates. It invites you to go back, decipher its clues and discern a grand design, if there is one.
fresh	Like any good purveyor of noir, Boyle, who wrote the film with Joel Clark and Michael Lerman, understands that identifying someone is only one endgame while the mystery of identity is naggingly, tragically endless.
fresh	An evocative film noir set in San Francisco and a nearby small town.
fresh	The droll joke is that Asian double-crossers have it even easier than Vertigo's Kim Novak -- Westerners don't even try to tell them apart.
fresh	Man From Reno doesn't rush its revelations, instead inviting the viewer to revel in its atmosphere of cozy foreboding-the same kind you get from a good airport paperback.
fresh	A rare delight that's laced with melancholy and a suffocating sense of menace from its first scene straight through its shocking finale, Man From Reno is made special by the collisions between its characters.
fresh	Boyle's mystery is both maddening in how much it withholds from the viewer trying to play along, and impressive for how little you end up caring about being kept in the dark.
fresh	A neo-noir so subtle you might not even realize it's a neo-noir until things have turned hairy.
fresh	They've devised an ending that departs from genre convention in an arresting way.
fresh	Man from Reno seems primed to become a cult hit, and fans will be justly singing its praises for many years to come.
fresh	Dave Boyle's dreamy, laconic neo-noir plays out kind of like an episode of Murder She Wrote as filtered through the minds of the Coen brothers.
fresh	A polished film that acknowledges its place in the canon of American mysteries and makes a worthy contribution.
fresh	A stylishly made genre film that revels in its old-fashioned sense of mystery and suspense.
fresh	Man From Reno is hardly the equal of its inspirations, but it nonetheless makes for a pleasantly mellow, well-structured concoction.
fresh	Polished and ambitious, this crime drama puts a fresh bicultural spin on a retro-style mystery but doesn't quite sustain the suspense.
rotten	All of Man of Reno is charming. So terribly, terribly charming.
fresh	Dave Boyle's "Man From Reno" is the type of film where alleyways are home offices, every bar matchbox has an unknown number inside, and if a character enters a bookshop, you better believe old issues of "True Detective" are hanging visibly in frame.
fresh	Like his two leads, Boyle maintains a matter-of-factness that allows us to survey the evidence and reach our own conclusions.
fresh	"GETT" shows that sexism is not an aberration, but baked in by design into some of our deepest institutions, and fighting it is a long journey down a hard road.
fresh	It's tough and unsparing, but the grimness is never gratuitous.
fresh	Ultimately the movie is wearying, but then it's likely supposed to be. If Viviane's going through the wringer, you're going through the wringer too.
fresh	A frequently stunning examination of frustration and indignity.
fresh	What the film, directed by Elkabetz and her sibling, Ronit, does, is cast a harsh light on a dark segment of Israeli society that is mostly obscured from the outside world.
fresh	Embattled and infuriating, Israel's submission for the Foreign Language Academy Award epitomizes the concept of male entitlement.
fresh	What initially seems daunting and repetitive, blossoms into a riveting exercise in profundity, building toward a wrenching third act that's as suspenseful as it is disturbing.
fresh	Smooth, subtle and continually disturbing.
fresh	The kind of tragic and absurd blend that can only be labeled as Kafkaesque.
fresh	An unrelenting and important expose of a system that, as depicted here, has no place in the modern world.
fresh	Shot in intense close-ups, the better to study the emotions burning off the characters' skin, the film is all talk and gestures, but it begins to take your breath away like a chase movie would.
fresh	...the largely black and white palette of both the set and the characters' clothing creates a sense of unreality that emphasizes how removed the court's deliberations are from real life as it is lived outside the courtroom.
fresh	A microcosm of women victimized by patriarchal institutions worldwide as well as an allegory of the universal struggle for freedom.
fresh	As Viviane laments, this kind of thing wouldn't happen in America. True, but there's not an actress in America who wouldn't twist her hair into a bun for the chance to play this role.
fresh	Suspenseful, wonderfully acted, emotionally jarring.
fresh	An overwhelmingly intense film about an Orthodox Jewish Israeli woman trying to get a religious divorce.
fresh	Though there is no action, there is vibrancy to the dialog that enthralls for the duration of the film.
fresh	Sibling writer/directors Ronit & Shlomi Elkabetz turn a spotlight on an Israeli women's rights issue using drama, comedy and farce in a stylized courtroom procedural like no other.
fresh	One doesn't have to have seen the previous films in the trilogy for 'Gett' to provide a searing view of the Israeli system of divorce, or to make one feel deeply for a modern woman trapped in its religious intricacies.
fresh	Ronit Elkabetz holds the camera with great skill. Through its claustrophobia and muted hues, this drama gives you a new appreciation of color and freedom.
fresh	How this did not beat out "Ida" for Best Foreign Film at the Oscars last Sunday I will never understand.
fresh	This movie manages to get under your skin unlike most other films you're likely to see.
fresh	The filmmakers impressively indict an egregiously sexist policy that regards women as men's property.
fresh	The power of the film's critique is in the overall sensation of a claustrophobic, seemingly endless, and Kafkaesque nightmare from which no one can escape...
fresh	[Gett] is as tightly crafted as any courtroom thriller. The difference here is that what hangs in the balance is not guilt or innocence, freedom or the death penalty, but a very different kind of life sentence.
fresh	The set-up can seem frustratingly constrictive and redundant, but that's the point. The film is no more exasperating than the rigid, patriarchal legal system it depicts.
fresh	It may puzzle audiences unfamiliar with the Israeli system but the rigid religious bureaucracy devoted to keeping a married couple together at all cost makes for a superb way of adding layers of tension to this effective drama.
fresh	Elkabetz commands the screen whether she's quietly seething or lashing out at the judges and their pointed questions. Her plight provides a painful argument that marriage - and divorce - are better served in the civil sphere.
fresh	One feels the oppressiveness of Israeli domestic law, but how one is supposed to feel about the subjects isn't clear.
fresh	Despite the seemingly uncinematic nature of this inert, even claustrophobic scenario, the film mesmerizes, utterly.
fresh	A highly compressed, exquisitely acted tale of two people who do not belong together plays out as a courtroom saga that, in story terms, runs longer than many marriages.
fresh	A world is constructed inside a spare room; the camera doesn't move, cutting between medium shots and close-ups, with each placement reflecting a Sisyphean quest for freedom.
fresh	Ronit Elkabetz is the star of the show. For a film enamored of faces, hers is most important, and what she does with it is magnificent.
fresh	This may not sound like the merriest way to spend time in a movie theater, but Gett is compelling from its first frame.
fresh	Every shot, cut, line, performance, indeed every moment in this feature is perfectly judged, always conveying precisely what it needs to convey in to define its characters and move the story forward.
fresh	Almost all of the film takes place inside a courtroom, at irregular intervals over five years, but there is no sense of drag or slump; on the contrary, the action quivers with tension, impatience, comic heat, and, beneath it all, an irrepressible rage.
fresh	Forcefully crystallizes juxtaposition of hypocrisy, cynicism, frustration and absurdity when a woman is forced to abide ancient rules. . . caught in colorful and funny tales.
fresh	Gripping cinema from start to finish, almost implausibly so.
fresh	The divorce-centered drama is so provocative it's become a lightning rod for debate inside the country. Even watching from a distance is unnerving.
fresh	Methodical and agonizing, much like the five-year dispute it depicts.
fresh	This all might be laughable if it wasn't based on the very real facts of the Israeli court system, which as portrayed here is like Kafka without the surrealist trappings.
fresh	Gett has a formal rigor that works like a vise.
fresh	The acting, especially from Menash Noy as an ineffectual attorney, is phenomenal, resulting in a feminist knockout told in inverse.
fresh	A couple of plot turns threaten to overload the drama, but overall this divorce is more riveting than many a murder trial.
fresh	Ronit Elkabetz gives a lively and at times moving performance as Viviane.
fresh	I nevertheless found myself pretty much mesmerized by every frame of it.
fresh	[A] ferocious portrait of a woman who is desperately fighting Jewish religious dictates to regain her freedom from an arranged marriage.
fresh	In the hands of sister-brother co-directors Ronit Elkabetz (who also co-stars) and Shlomi Elkabetz this patriarchal legal loophole becomes the wellspring for densely rich drama, told with stringent austerity but also humor and judicious empathy.
fresh	Siblings Ronit and Shlomi Elkabetz bring their blistering trilogy of male domination in an Israeli family to a rewarding close with Gett, the Trial of Viviane Amsalem.
fresh	The film never devolves into finger-wagging hysterics thanks to Ronit and brother/co-director Shlomi Elkabetz's keen attention to their actors' performances, especially Ronit's star turn.
fresh	The courtroom's cramped, near-featureless air of bureaucratic stagnation becomes oppressive even for the audience, making it easy to identify with Viviane's growing hunger for freedom.
fresh	What does a gal have to do to obtain a divorce (a gett) from an Orthodox Jewish man? Quite a lot as this fascinating courtroom drama indicates.
fresh	We see a woman imprisoned in her own marriage, and even though there is no direct reason why she needs the divorce, she is unable to have her own goals realized.
fresh	There might not be that much insight, but there certainly is plenty of geriatric spunk.
fresh	"Iris" is the cinematic equivalent of a party, with its titular character as its host. There are plenty of interesting people in attendance, but she's the real star, and less than 90 minutes, we wish the celebration would have gone on just a bit longer.
fresh	Apfel is constantly chatting to "Albert" off camera, not to us, and the affection adds an unusual meta level to Iris ... That intimacy is the movie's real subject; it'll make you feel swaddled in stylish conspiracy.
fresh	Much like Elaine Stritch, who also wore the same signature owl eyeglasses, Iris Apfel is a New York City character, a grande dame of society, fashion and flea markets.
fresh	Iris's offhand irreverence is left unexplained. But the joy of Iris Apfel, and by extension of Iris, is that there's no need to dissect the enigma.
fresh	Maysles is clearly entranced by his subject, and all of the big names he interviews - including photographer Bruce Weber, designer Dries van Noten and Architectural Digest Editor-in-Chief Margaret Russell - are similarly smitten.
fresh	Maysles' portrait of Iris Apfel, a 93-year-old self-described "geriatric starlet," is surprisingly memorable, graced with an unforced but unmistakable charm.
fresh	When she says "It's better to be happy than well-dressed," there are a lot of folks you hope get the message.
fresh	Traveling to vintage clothing stores from W. 27th St. to Palm Beach, Fla., Apfel creates excursions that are like time spent with your coolest, funniest and most sage aunt. Her energy and life philosophy are inspiring, and will never go out of style.
fresh	Iris never feigns importance as a documentary, and is all the richer for it.
fresh	Maysles was undoubtedly the ideal cameraman to enter Iris' life and simply observe her non-stop activity, and his visual eloquence is an understated but constant asset to "Iris."
fresh	There are few better ways right now to spend 80 movie minutes than to see Iris, a delightful eye-opener about life, love, statement eyeglasses, bracelets the size of tricycle tires and the art of making the grandest of entrances.
fresh	With Iris, the late, great documentarian Albert Maysles, who died this year at age 88, delivers a particularly elegiac movie swan song.
fresh	The film exists as a document both of a witty, good-natured society fixture and of a very particular moment in history.
fresh	Viewer entertainment will vary in direct proportion to interest in the unusual but ultimately mundane details of Apfel's day-to-day. She is, for what it's worth, good company.
fresh	Iris is more than just a movie about an amusing lady who likes clothes an awful lot. It's also a celebration of the revivifying power of creativity ...
fresh	Iris isn't groundbreaking doc filmmaking, but it's amiable and jovial in a way rarely seen in the field, which tends more toward drama, trauma, and forwarding big causes.
fresh	Knowing Albert Maysles made the film already gives it instant credibility, but Iris' flamboyant personality is animated enough to make the film sweet, enchanting, and quite lovable.
fresh	A singular eccentric and fashion icon gets a nice "direct cinema" documentary profile by the late Albert Maysles.
fresh	Maysles endearingly reveals Apfel's blend of blind passion and keen practicality, her unflagging enthusiasm for transmitting her knowledge to young people, and her synoptic view of fashion as living history.
fresh	Albert Maysles's portrait of Iris Apfel gradually emerges with cathartic clarity without compromising her inherent mystery.
fresh	An admiring and amusing documentary.
fresh	Iris is a fond portrait of a personality who could easily be regarded as a freakshow. Better, though, to say that she's an entertainer.
fresh	Daffy, brassy, inspiring, and a bit slight.
fresh	An interest in fashion is not required to enjoy and admire this truly original character.
fresh	Warmly reveals Iris Apfel is more than her owlish glasses. . .Followed for a year+. . . Maysles's legendary cinema verite technique is most effective at watching her shop.
fresh	Predictable but the cast succeeds on making the best of the script.
rotten	"A la Mala" falls on the same superficiality that it tries to make fun of.
fresh	The Mexican Rom/com "A La Mala" is predictable but is also a good time at the movies.
fresh	Perhaps because it's in Spanish, or perhaps because of Derbez' charisma, it generates enough charm and goodwill -- if not exactly laughs -- to ride pleasantly off into the sunset.
rotten	A la Mala coasts on its style and charm, and that may be enough for this kind of romp... Nevertheless, a bit more originality in the script by Issa Lopez and Ari Rosen would be a welcome diversion.
rotten	Cute, pretty, but alas not "mala" (cruel) enough.
fresh	Hyena's convoluted tale is given a fresh coat of grime by Johnson's direction, which favors handheld cinematography -- often tracking its protagonists from behind -- that gives the action a pseudo-verite ruggedness.
rotten	I suspect that anyone who actually makes it to the bitter end will be enraged by what it does and does not contain.
fresh	"Hyena" feels like a throwback to the tough-as-nails British gangster flicks of the 1970s.
rotten	The kind of gory British policier from which you come away with the queasy feeling that the world is essentially a butcher shop ruled by greed, murder, cruelty and lust.
rotten	Johnson aspires to make Hyena into the stuff of classical tragedy, yet he telegraphs Michael's inward transformation way too soon.
fresh	At its most palatable the film recalls "The Long Good Friday"; at its harshest, it's a grotty cousin to "The Bad Lieutenant." There's enough filmmaking intelligence to guide "Hyena" through its worst excesses, however.
fresh	Mr. Johnson isn't out just for blood, or sociology, but the clever hybrid he creates is wholly entertaining.
fresh	While the movie keeps tightening the noose around Logan's neck, any interest in whether he'll manage to escape being arrested or killed is largely academic.
fresh	Beautifully shot, feverishly edited and also benefiting from the right score and authentic locations, Hyena is that kind of ugly film that refuses to let you turn away.
fresh	A pretty sensational and tough British crime drama. A real gem, and visually stunning to boot.
fresh	As stylish, scorched-earth entertainment, it'll get you in its teeth.
fresh	It's a film about the lawless and unruly, but it could stand to step outside the lines a bit.
rotten	The Gerard Johnson film's blanket cynicism is its most shopworn quality of all.
rotten	Trying to hybridize thick-ear genre material with more artistically ambitious fare, the results are too leaden for the Jason Statham crowd but insufficiently distinctive to find a more rarefied niche.
fresh	Some crime sagas only give London's underbelly a tickle. Hyena scratches 'til it bleeds.
fresh	It's well performed and seedily atmospheric but there's no one to root for and the story, like the characters, becomes a bit hysterical.
fresh	Johnson's filmmaking, however, takes no such short cuts, with sound, image and editing colluding to keep Hyena in a perpetual state of agitated panic. Technique often excitingly thwarts our genre expectations.
fresh	In many respects, it operates like a sobering counterpoint to the early Noughties Brit crime flicks; but also the largely repugnant tranche of straight-to-video gangster films that propagate an especially brutal, geezerish type of violence.
fresh	Visually arresting and brutally slick, writer-director Gerard Johnson's second feature Hyena is a tough crime thriller that, while it may not be for the faint-hearted, is made with control and real skill.
rotten	The film never quite escapes the grip of the genre cliches with which it wrestles.
fresh	What lifts the film is Johnson's visual style and Ferdinando's utterly committed and intense performance as the corrupt cop.
fresh	There's something bullish and unrelenting about writer-director Gerard Johnson's filmmaking that sets this bleak drama apart.
fresh	Writer-director Gerard Johnson has a good eye and ear for sleaze and depravity, and I really do mean that as a compliment.
fresh	The picture's main asset is Ferdinando, who delivers a strong lead performance as the strung-out narc whose world is crumbling around him.
fresh	The ending is frustrating: it runs out of ideas before the final credits. But Johnson packs an almighty punch.
rotten	Hyena doesn't stint on creating a grubbily repellent universe, but it never gives us one solid reason to stick around.
fresh	Intoxicating, ferocious, and righteously disturbing but also frustrating, uneven and cliched.
fresh	Writer-director Gerard Johnson and chameleon-like star Ferdinando continue to impress with their strong collaboration here.
fresh	The most powerful British crime flick since 'Sexy Beast'.
fresh	Scratchy and savage, Hyena is long on squalor and short on polish, but made with genuine conviction.
fresh	"Hyena" may not be wholly original, but its cancerous tenor positions many of its various talents as ones to watch.
rotten	Ferdinando's Michael Logan was never going to rival Ryan Gosling's Driver or Kim Bodnia's Frank, but the comparisons to both Drive and the Pusher trilogy are inescapable.
rotten	A compelling central performance from Peter Ferdinando is not enough to save Gerard Johnson's derivative and deeply unpleasant thriller, Hyena.
fresh	A strong enough thriller for an audience with the stomach for very black humour and severely testing imagery.
rotten	Adventure fails to permeate the listlessness of this overlong, self-indulgent would-be thriller.
fresh	"How do middle-class people like us stand up for our country?" Byomkesh asks Ajit. The teasing answer: "We don't. We go to the movies."
fresh	An important film to see for parents, students and anyone involved with academia.
fresh	Important but devastating viewing.
fresh	When and where your frustration and anger boil over while watching "The Hunting Ground" is an individual experience, one that will be different for everyone who sees it.
fresh	Perhaps "The Hunting Ground" is more valued as activism than journalism.
fresh	Too few women (and men) have too little chance to share their stories. Dick's film is a valuable spotlight.
fresh	The Hunting Ground qualifies as activist filmmaking. More power to it. You can read all the statistics you want, but there's no substitute for bearing witness - especially in such overwhelming numbers.
fresh	Oversimpliies matters somewhat, but...the subject is an extremely timely one, and it presents an extremely important side of it quite persuasively.
fresh	This is a story to make blood boil and change demanded.
fresh	Provocative and heartbreaking.
fresh	The Hunting Ground is a clear piece of survivors' advocacy. Dick's purpose is not to be fair to both sides. But is that such a problem when no one has been fair to his subjects?
fresh	The Hunting Ground is, by its very nature, rough going for the viewer, but how else should it be?
fresh	The Hunting Ground finds a narrative spine in the story of two rape victims: Andrea Pino and Annie E. Clark, students at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill who wound up launching their own grassroots investigation into the epidemic.
fresh	For many, going to college is a dream come true. Sadly, as this film points out, it will also become a nightmare.
fresh	We are way past the time for pandering. Colleges and their administrations must be held accountable. No longer should even one victim of sexual assault be treated in the manner evidenced here.
fresh	Its message of hope is heartening. Yet, after watching this expertly constructed film, it's hard to shake a lingering feeling of despair that any forthcoming change may only be temporary.
fresh	The film uses those pesky things known as facts -- statistics and reports and anecdotal evidence -- to argue with thoroughly convincing precision that this is an epidemic.
fresh	The documentary makes a persuasive case that certain colleges and universities -- which are called out onscreen -- foster a culture that punishes victims and protects serial predators.
fresh	The most disturbing part of Hunting Ground is the circling-wagons mentality of universities and colleges.
fresh	From its first moments, the new documentary "The Hunting Ground" instills a sense of dread that is very, very tough to shake.
fresh	Ensures that no one can foolishly attribute this problem to a particular kind of person or institution.
fresh	Grim docu shines much-needed light on campus rape epidemic.
fresh	The Hunting Ground directly and, at times, bluntly argues its case, appealing directly to the audiences' sense of moral outrage.
fresh	Though far from a perfect film, The Hunting Ground is a significant piece of advocacy journalism that shows young women refusing to be mute about crimes that have been commited against them.
fresh	"&#8202;'71" succeeds as an action thriller, but with enough complexity to keep the brain engaged. The film is also a reminder of the byproducts of hatred.
rotten	As a call to action, "The Hunting Ground" truly goes to bat for rape survivors. As a documentary, the movie as a whole is much lesser than its individual parts.
fresh	The movie needs to be seen and discussed by everyone within shouting distance of the college experience: parents, students (of both genders), administrators, alumni, coaches - the list goes on.
fresh	The Hunting Ground explores its disturbing subject so thoroughly that the documentary feels more like a horror film - a slasher movie where the psyches of its young, smart victims are in tatters.
fresh	The Hunting Ground's most unsettling finding is widespread institutional tolerance of campus rapists, because school administrators fear bad publicity and the loss of alumni cash endowments.
fresh	It's uncomfortable viewing. But scrupulously researched and movingly told.
fresh	Dick turns his camera closer to home in The Hunting Ground, revealing a culture in U.S. universities that, if it doesn't actually foster sex crimes, does little to bring perpetrators to justice.
fresh	While the nauseating statistics about rape and sexual abuse are prominent in the film, it is the dedication of the growing numbers of victims coming forth that will cause change.
rotten	There's a dicey feeling of familiarity to Dick's new film, a sense of footage fitting into pre-existing slots ... Instead of putting a human face on appalling statistics, the faces are starting to look like just more quantifiable evidence
fresh	The filmmakers build a strong and comprehensive case in a movie that offers an essential grounding in one of the defining issues of our time.
fresh	The film stokes outrage, sometimes shamelessly, but it's righteous outrage.
fresh	Indignant and impassioned, mostly manages to get behind the headlines and ahead of the news on the issue of sexual assaults on campuses, but lacks clear legal context.
fresh	Diligently researched, The Hunting Ground is infuriating and dispiriting, but it does offer a muted ray of hope in Andrea Pino and Annie Clark.
rotten	By refusing to engage the current conversation about this issue, the film does its subjects-and us all-a disservice.
fresh	"A timely, thorough and truly inspiring documentary about the financial and marketing imperatives that lead academic institutions to deny their students safety and justice."
fresh	I was rattled watching it, finding it hard to catch my breath and harder still to imagine how many people are in positions of power who have heard these stories so many times and turned their backs on victims.
fresh	Fear of retaliation often keeps faculty and administration from speaking up for students or talking at all ... If it does nothing else, "The Hunting Ground" should make that kind of evasion more difficult in the future.
fresh	Documentary filmmaker Kirby Dick takes on the incendiary topic of rape on campus. As the cases mount and institutional reps succeed best by playing dumb, The Hunting Ground becomes an energizing call to action.
fresh	The stories are horrifying, but essential to hear.
fresh	'The Hunting Ground' captures a movement whose time may have come and is long overdue.
fresh	A hard-hitting and disturbing documentary about the treatment of women who have been sexually assaulted on U. S. College campuses.
fresh	It's a strong and stirring film.
fresh	A must-watch work of cine-activism, one that should be seen by anyone headed to college and by those already on campus.
fresh	The Hunting Ground isn't necessarily a great film-but it doesn't need to be to work as powerful advocacy.
fresh	The result is a shocking but ultimately galvanizing work of reportage that meets the same high standard of their previous collaboration, The Invisible War, about sexual assault in the military.
fresh	It will be fascinating to watch the fallout from this scathing indictment of a system that, the movie claims, has all but encouraged sexual predators to do their worst.
fresh	Heartbreaking, infuriating, and unmissable.
fresh	Didn't have to do much more than wrangle attention towards an important issue, but it does slightly more than that.
rotten	The subject matter may not lend itself to an overtly ambitious aesthetic, but a film about individuals who refuse to be silenced could stand to take a few more chances itself.
fresh	This documentary about the epidemic of rape on college campuses is a difficult but worthy watch.
fresh	Shocks and awakens its audience in all the right ways, bringing the recent headlines of a Columbia University rape survivor carrying her mattress around into sharp focus.
fresh	Kirby Dick's films don't go far enough in explaining how a culture of rape can pervade in vastly different institutions, but they're ruthless about holding them accountable.
fresh	A startling doc about college rape that is torn from today's headlines.
fresh	This film provides a platform for these survivors to put their name and face out there; to de-stigmatize what it is to live with sexual trauma, and humanize the difficult, uneven path of survivorship.
rotten	... the emotional weight is again there for an effective issue film, but it's difficult to recommend on that alone when the style and structure of the doc is so standard and sometimes just plain sloppy.
fresh	While the film volleys disturbing statistics throughout, The Hunting Ground keeps the focus exactly where it should be: on the survivors.
fresh	The filmmaking may not be noteworthy, but it is the stories that are both illuminating and essential and will likely not leave a dry eye in the audience.
fresh	The Hunting Ground takes a somber tone, and delivers alarming testimony and statistics.
fresh	Kirby Dick's gripping follow-up to the 'The Invisible War' investigates sexual assault on college campuses.
rotten	At least the three affable stars have an infectious enthusiasm, but that chemistry only goes so far when it's so difficult to find much sympathy for these bumbling losers.
rotten	The problem is that this movie shares screen-time with a mid-2000s shock comedy. Hardly five minutes go by without something gross or disgusting happening.
rotten	You'll just be rooting for the credits to roll.
rotten	The movie gets dumber and more desperate as it goes.
rotten	It seems to have been designed as a family guy's workplace comedy on tour with the boys, a kind of EuroBusinessTrip with a heart: it fails dismally on all counts.
rotten	Comedies this toothless and safe are a dime a dozen...
rotten	The crude humor and cloying sentiment mix about as well as motor oil and vinegar...
rotten	"Unfinished Business" is sloppy, tiresome, poorly constructed and ultimately awful.
rotten	The movie had a chance to be better, but when the subject turns to something as timely as school bullying, it barely scratches the surface.
rotten	Jesus wept, Vince Vaughn has done it again - kicking the putrefying corpse of feel-bad scrotal comedy around our screens with the dead-eyed stare of the fiscally medicated.
rotten	Little contained in this misfire of a film works and the few successful things are dragged out to the point where they die a lingering death.
rotten	Watching a fumbling comedy flop isn't fun....
rotten	Vince Vaughn's usual motormouth appeal gets stuck in first gear in a muddled, patchy business comedy.
rotten	A hard-R comedy that at least makes an attempt to present us with real people rather than just receptacles for dick-and-puke jokes.
rotten	A would-be comedy of embarrassment that is simply embarrassing.
rotten	Shallow, dimwitted and inept. Makes "The Hangover" look like "Glengarry Glen Ross."
rotten	Jammed between pratfalls that include a man's face and a penis coming together is a sentimental story about the challenges of being a good, supportive dad. The movie wants you to hug your family - but wait, whoa, look at those tatas!
rotten	If I could have endured this film over a conference call it would have been preferable.
rotten	Unfinished Business is a perfect storm of unfocused - mostly unfunny - mundane comedic filmmaking.
rotten	...stiff and unfocused and strained for any kind of credibility or realism...
rotten	There are more penises on display in Unfinished Business than there were in Fifty Shades of Grey. Just let that sink in for a minute...
fresh	The three leads balance each other especially well: Vaughn's ironic vulnerability and Wilkinson's pained earnestness set off Franco's shy optimism.
fresh	Unfinished Business may be the best Judd Apatow comedy that Judd Apatow never made.
rotten	A tonal mess that jumbles elements of PG-rated fare with Eurotrip-esque shenanigans.
rotten	It starts with vague promise but rapidly degenerates into a puerile mess, flailing for laughs like a ten-year-old class clown desperate for popularity.
fresh	Not without charm, Unfinished Business mixes the cute with the raunchy.
rotten	"Unfinished Business" is a major let-down and proof that even someone of Vince Vaughn's ability and stature needs help behind the camera to make us love him again.
rotten	Going through the motions and never uncovering any funny material to play with, "Unfinished Business" is just that: a film that had loads of potential but isn't able to muster any laughs with it.
rotten	A wacky, hijinxy, dick joke-filled sex romp that inadvisably keeps trying to be touching.
fresh	There's plenty to like in Unfinished Business, even though viewers expecting the debauchery of a Wedding Crashers will likely leave disappointed.
rotten	Crass, inconsistent comedy has lots of sex, partying.
fresh	But I can't bring myself to hate Unfinished Business as it gives Vaughn, Franco et al. juuuuust enough funny stuff to do while being agreeably mediocre; it'd be like kicking a dog for its failure to be a cat.
rotten	Unfinished Business has a big heart, a tiny brain and a lot of bad attitude. That turns it into a murky mess as a movie.
rotten	A comedy is supposed to have jokes. This one just has ideas for them.
rotten	Painfully, and desperately unfunny. Which, for a film in the comedy genre, proves to be something of a problem.
rotten	The film limps along, with no sense of comic timing, slapstick reality, or even spontaneity. It's so airless, and yet it feels heavy as lead.
fresh	Rude, crude but often delightful and fresh business farce.
rotten	Truly abysmal - Vaughn's shtick has reached the breaking point.
rotten	The film's biggest issue is its awkward lurching back and forth between the goofy and/or risque material and more serious issues. (Full Content Review -- Sex, Profanity, Violence, etc. -- for Parents also available)
fresh	Unfinished Business is strained, unnecessarily crude and downright bizarre in spots. Yet you'll laugh just enough at Team Vince Vaughn to forgive and (mostly) forget.
rotten	I guess they call it Unfinished Business because they meant to put in all of the jokes later, but forgot?
rotten	Apparently made by snickering 12-year-olds who like naked boobies and have heard rumors about the phenomenon known as 'the business trip.'
rotten	The problem with "Unfinished Business" is not that it is outright terrible, but that it is so terminally bland.
rotten	Too crude to be taken seriously and too family-focused to be a guilty pleasure, this is one company retreat you'll want to skip.
rotten	Unfinished Business means well, but it doesn't work well.
rotten	Vince Vaughn, continuing his decade-long streak of mediocre comedies plays another variation on his fast-talking, slightly oafish but goodhearted regular guy.
rotten	One can see it on the actors' faces: This was a mistake.
rotten	The odd juvenile chuckle that results from this may sustain you, but in terms of originality and heart this business trip fails to seal the deal.
rotten	The whole point of Vince Vaughn's cinematic existence is that he's a paragon for reformed chauvinism. He's an irrepressible but highly tamable id. Not so here.
rotten	Don't expect impressive profit margins.
fresh	There's enough big laughs combined with sweet family drama to make Unfinished Business an eventful journey.
rotten	A sluggishly paced collection of go-nowhere sight gags, flat-footed set pieces and incoherent business chatter that offers few laughs and little real payoff.
rotten	Vince Vaughn would make an excellent Willy Loman in a revival of Death of a Salesman. Here, he has the presence, charm, desperation and sense of yearning that characterise Arthur Miller's doomed anti-hero. Unfortunately, this is a very goofy comedy.
rotten	If only I could have left Unfinished Business unfinished... Five minutes would have been enough with this dull, dated tosh, so flaccid were the jokes.
rotten	Scott's direction seems to suffer from ADHD - most of the flair-free gags are rushed and little or no momentum is allowed to build up before we're on to the next malfunctioning comedy re-run.
rotten	A weird and sadly sour mash-up of wild, raunchy comedy, underdog triumph, and treacly family story
rotten	This is a movie that treats everyone like grey specters in a faceless corporation. Not that you would expect much else from a movie that openly admits its premise is boring.
rotten	Now where have we seen this before? Was it "Jerry Maguire?" Or an episode of "The Office?" Both. Except it was funnier then.
rotten	A fumbling mix of sentimental family fable and gross-out sex comedy.
fresh	This hybrid vehicle may take a unwise detour here and there - even hitting a mud-filled pothole or two - but in the end you just might find that it's been an entertaining ride.
rotten	Gay panic humor, jokes about German liberation, random business dicks, and the most un-earned sentimental ending imaginable lead to a film that just doesn't work out.
rotten	Criminally fails to take advantage of its vast comedic cast as they flounder in a sea of crude, dull gags
rotten	No better or worse than indifferent, although its targeting of the German capital for fratboy profiteering suggests some renegotiation of the Marshall Plan may now be necessary.
rotten	A lazy film that contains more than a few lazy laughs but will ultimately only amuse those thrilled by boobs staring at breasts...
rotten	If Unfinished Business represents Vaughn's desperate attempt to run whatever's left of his career into the toilet, then we can safely say that he's indeed finished.
rotten	"Unfinished Business" squanders almost every opportunity provided by its potentially funny premise. Instead, it becomes yet another blotch on star Vince Vaughn's resume.
rotten	That "Unfinished Business" thinks it's a really fun idea to have a leading character named Mike Pancake tells you all you need to know.
rotten	When Unfinished Business loses itself to its own madness, there is the sense that its inherent weirdness is on the verge of coalescing into something big, brilliant and spectacular. But that never happens.
rotten	The role is a departure of sorts for Vaughn, his character more responsible than the goofballs he normally plays, but his frat-boy shtick has grown the worse for wear since the days of Dodgeball and Wedding Crashers.
rotten	Overall, the screenplay by Steve Conrad feels confused and sits uncomfortably between genres, causing the film to fall completely flat on its face.
rotten	This is one mess of a movie with just enough lowbrow laughs to stave off the narrative malaise threatening to freeze the story.
rotten	Certainly has the potential to tear through madcap Euro-based misadventures, but it would rather stick to sobering reminders of real-world behavior, draining most of the fun out of a feature that aims to please.
rotten	This film is just bad Business for everyone involved.
rotten	At times so shoddily made you'd swear it was actually unfinished, the charm of Vaughn, Franco, Nick Frost and the rest can't compensate for a shocking lack of jokes.
rotten	It's as if someone decided to film a standard Hangover knock-off script as the kind of painfully sincere, dour exploration of shattered dreams and squandered expectations.
rotten	A thin, tone deaf and seriously unfunny comedy.
rotten	What are we to say about a comedy that makes you walk out feeling lousy, that's like a parade of beaten virtue and (mostly) sadistic power?
rotten	Like several of Vaughn's most recent comedies, this one concerns itself with keeping its heart in the "right" place-i.e., a safe distance from the unsavory business of laughter.
rotten	A sort of unfinished idea that could have been interesting, could have been funny, could have been something other than the jumbled mess that it is.
rotten	More than just a misfire, this attempt at a rude comedy goes so spectacularly wrong that it actually contradicts its own jokes even as it's telling them.
rotten	Lazy, saccharine and (worst of all) safe, Unfinished Business is a stock image photo of what a raunchy road trip comedy is supposed to look like.
rotten	The True Detective-inspired Vaughnaissance can't get here fast enough.
rotten	Unfinished Business certainly lives up to the promise of its title: the film looks as though it needs another six months' work.
rotten	You can see the fear in Vaughn's eyes as another gag limps to its payoff, another scene fails to deliver anything but stony silence where the laugh is supposed to be.
fresh	Packed with montages and non-sequiturs, this is a weird-ass business comedy that still manages to pack a tiny emotional sucker punch in the end.
rotten	The fact that it can't spell out the basics of this business deal - outside of some "robble robble projected income graph percentage closing" jargon - is indicative of a general lack of focus and an inconsistency in tone.
rotten	The supporting cast takes some of the comic weight off the always likeable Vaughn's shoulders. But Wilkinson's character is too sad-sack to be really funny and Franco's verges on the mawkish.
rotten	Unfinished Business will seem woefully familiar to most anyone who's been to a movie theater - or taken a long plane ride - over the past 10 years.
rotten	Awkwardly wrapping a heartwarming message of self-acceptance in a layer of crude sexual humor, it's like a date who tries to pat you on the back with one hand while feeling you up with the other.
fresh	Suspenseful with moving performances, but suffers from a pedestrian, Hollywood-style screenplay and brisk pacing that doesn't give the film enough room to breathe nor does it trust your patience.
fresh	...a powerful family drama that has marked political and social overtones.
fresh	A real-life "Taken." Tremendously gripping Paris police procedural.
fresh	Told from Ruth's POV, the movie is nonetheless a tense police procedural as we keep company with the Halimi family undergoing confusion, fear, rage, hope and ultimately grief.
fresh	[It] has a more upsetting dimension than most suspense dramas as it's based on a true story, a story that touches on issues still roiling France today.
fresh	Knowing the outcome behind the true-life tragedy "24 Days" doesn't diffuse the horror, the tension or the sadness of watching one family's drama unfold day after agonizing day when a son is kidnapped and hope dies.
fresh	24 Days takes strength from real-world specifics. But the most powerful thing about the movie is its rejection of omniscience. The crime it reconstructs is beyond understanding.
rotten	Sadly, "24 Days" isn't nearly as involving as it should be.
fresh	As a suspenseful true crime story, "24 Days" succeeds. As a warning against the ever present dangers of anti-Semitism, it is eloquent and disturbing. It's in combining the two that Arcady mishandles the case.
fresh	A suspenseful and compelling film that's all the more powerful because it doesn't shy away from contemporary anti-Semitism in France.
rotten	Despite strenuous efforts, 24 Days fails to make the case that Halimi would be alive now had the anti-Semitism of his abductors been properly recognized.
fresh	Its ending known beforehand, the story nevertheless unfolds as a suspenseful thriller rather than docudrama, much of the credit for which goes to Manu de Sousa's jumpy editing.
fresh	24 Days is neither subtle nor particularly sophisticated as filmmaking, but its refusal to reduce lived reality to generic tropes is admirable.
rotten	Would that the film had explored such emotional contradictions in greater detail, but this retelling is more concerned with black-and-white morality, which drains it of suspense.
rotten	Slack, lacks the urgency that you expect a kidnapping thriller to have.
fresh	Alexandre Arcady's film is wrenching and politically astute.
fresh	The film is not always subtle... but remains captivating as a pure procedural that raises questions about the Paris police's handling of such situations, as well as about the state of race relations in contemporary France.
fresh	looks at many connected issues including immigration policies, anti-Semitism, class, and police competency and prejudice
fresh	About Elly is an exploration of human nature and how sometimes, without intending to, we hurt the ones we love most - including ourselves.
fresh	This is the fourth of [Farhadi's] six movies, and by this point he's begun to perfect the art of withholding and is close to mastering emotional suspense.
rotten	This pot-boiler takes the viewer by surprise after a slow start, but the start is too long and the surprise too short.
fresh	The dense interweave of relationships, a Farhadi specialty, is continually compelling.
fresh	It's breezy, then suspenseful, and gradually, crushingly sad. On its own terms, it's a perfect film.
fresh	"About Elly" is an essential step in the evolution of one of the most emerging talents on the international filmmaking scene.
fresh	It has taken six years for this terrific film to work its way back to us, and if possible I think it's even better and more relevant in 2015 than when it was made.
fresh	We might not care about any of the characters -- it's doubtful that Farhadi wants us to -- but it's difficult to escape the implication that their situation reflects that of their entire society and, in many ways, our own.
fresh	"About Elly" shows that the ethical dilemmas of ordinary adults can, with this level of talent, become as gripping as any thriller.
fresh	A thriller perched right on the fault line between modern thinking and Islamic tradition.
fresh	As with director Asghar Farhadi's Oscar-winning "A Separation," this new film lets truth slowly be revealed through mystery - and after a shocking incident.
fresh	It's further confirmation of Farhadi's peerless skills as a dramatist, with a special talent for drawing prismatic meaning from simple premises.
fresh	This is clearly the work of a master in the making, an artist on the cusp of greatness. Farhadi may be fixated on fibbers, but there's almost no one working today who makes films so emotionally honest.
fresh	Its belated appearance should be welcomed by cinephiles, as it offers solid proof of this writer-director's distinctive gifts.
fresh	If it can be a touch too narratively byzantine and heavy-handed, it's still a quietly devastating throwback to the classics of drama.
fresh	There is a mastery of tone here that shows a great director completely at home with his characters.
fresh	You begin to wonder to what extent the film is a critique of an entire society in which the disparity between tradition and modernity is irreconcilable.
fresh	A drama about guilt and responsibility set against the backdrop of male domination in Iranian society that even affects the secular and well-educated milieu depicted in this gripping drama.
fresh	This superb, suspenseful film ... opens as a playful comedy of vacationing couples and awkward romance, one that might be set in the French countryside, but by the end has become a moral drama likely to corrode your certainties.
fresh	Rarely have layers of truth been so expertly peeled away than in About Elly, a drama from the Oscar-winning director of A Separation.
fresh	About Elly confirms director Asghar Farhadi as a major talent in Iranian cinema whose ability to chronicle the middle-class malaise of his society is practically unrivaled.
fresh	"About Elly" both clutches us tight and shuts us out, adding wave upon wave of secrets and lies.
fresh	Asghar Farhadi's sensibility embodies a combination of empathy and paranoia that's striking considering that the latter is normally driven by self-absorption.
fresh	A naturalistic story that turns into an attention-grabbing psychological thriller as friend blames friend for the death of a fellow vacationer.
fresh	Farhadi's expert at foreboding; these vacationers' sheer exultation is soon limned by a sense of life as coming tragedy, its sure and steady sadness rolling in like the surf.
fresh	The early singing and charades sequences go on a bit too long, but from the moment there is an incident on the beach, you'll be concerned for everyone involved.
fresh	Superbly acted, morally challenging, packed with legitimate suspense, this is film-making of a high order.
fresh	Farhadi confirms his masterly way with heartrending human dramas.
fresh	Once again, Farhadi has told an ordinary story in an extraordinary way.
fresh	A remarkable film that deserves as much acclaim as Farhadi's award-winner.
fresh	Really it's a picture of loneliness, in a land where speaking together in honesty and sharing the cries of the heart are things you do only in a crisis or an emergency.
fresh	A fascinating psychological drama.
fresh	Farhadi's films are like moral whodunits, and as Sepideh and her friends gradually unearth the truth, he expertly buffets our sympathies in all directions until the very last shot.
fresh	Incredibly gripping and brilliantly directed, About Elly is a truly memorable and emotionally engaging Iranian drama with an outstanding lead performance by Golshifteh Farahani.
fresh	Bursting with energy, this ensemble drama from Iran is raucous, chaotic and packed with strong emotion
fresh	The film's escalating energy, hysteria even, and moral debates will invite comparisons to the hothouse drama of 'A Separation'.
fresh	Farhadi's gifted storytelling and direction is on show again in a damning look at Iranian society.
fresh	Another shrewdly gauged study of our capacity for deception and self-deception from A Separation's auteur. Emotionally devastating.
fresh	Farhadi constructs a taut story, as precariously balanced on luck and lies as that of a French farce, and then lets it spring holes before our eyes.
fresh	One of the most remarkable Iranian films to surface in the last few years, About Elly is a small but compelling ensemble piece of surprising depth.
fresh	While not equaling the depth of characterization of Farhadi's previous films, About Elly takes the complexity of his storytelling to a fascinating level. However, the variable quality of the thesping also prevents the pic from being his best work.
fresh	The film's tone is primarily, even exclusively, reflective; observing human behavior simply because humans are interesting.
fresh	By allowing a slow-build to his drama, Asghar Farhadi ensures we get a feel for the extended family dynamic before wrong-footing the characters and his audience with the suddeness and deftness of a heartbeat.
fresh	Part historical drama and part action thriller, '71 makes for gripping viewing.
fresh	While the film benefits greatly from having such a reliable performer, it doesn't live and breathe by his performance, which only speaks to the intensity of the filmmaking.
fresh	In his harrowing debut, Demange transforms quaint hamlets into nightmare labyrinths and supercharges the suspense with a premise as minimal as it is electrifying-a man running for his life.
fresh	Takes the simple 'behind enemy lines' concept and turns it into something that resonates strongly within the historical context of the political instability of The Troubles
fresh	Jack O'Connell is our current saint of cinema suffering.
fresh	Everyone has a least favorite bad dream, and Hook's may be yours: the nightmare of being hopelessly lost in a place where time has stopped and hope has vanished.
fresh	Gregory Burke's script makes enough order out of the chaos to bring home the point that armed conflicts are never as simple as official reports and soothing government press releases would have us believe, especially when religious rivalry is in play.
fresh	O'Connell gives a compelling performance and the film, even when the details are confusing, is never less than gripping and, in its depiction of internecine warfare, tragic.
fresh	Even if you're a total newcomer to the subject matter, "'71" is a first-rate thriller that I highly recommend.
fresh	A superb debut feature from director Yann Demange, who expertly captures the mood of ragged violence and the naivety of British forces arriving in the midst of a deeply complex political conflict.
rotten	Never quite comes together as a compelling whole.
fresh	Exciting and very effective war thriller set during "The Troubles" in Northern Ireland. More thriller than political, but very well done.
fresh	The unconventional thriller is nearly as full of disillusionment as it is tension and suspense.
fresh	Outstanding, tense, nail-biting thriller set in the cauldron of violence and deprivation that was Belfast in 1971...director Yann Demange stages some vivid sequences and knows how to escalate tension to breaking point.
fresh	For those who know nothing of this bitter conflict, the movie is a good start.
fresh	Demange keeps the tension high throughout nearly the entire film.
fresh	'71 is more about its dark, brooding atmosphere, its high tension and memorable images, rather than posturing as a detailed character study or a history book.
fresh	As with most first-class war movies, '71 is undeniably anti-war.
fresh	'71 isn't trying to impress anyone with its action violence, and that's an incredible quality.
fresh	'71 lacks the easy payoffs on many war films, but it's all the more absorbing for that.
fresh	Lean, mean...Director Yann Demange and screenwriter Gregory Burke (the prominent Scottish playwright of Black Watch) twist the knife by serving Gary with constant reminders of boyish innocence corrupted...
fresh	The film doesn't take sides, but shows how conflict stirs the pot of human emotions and how quickly things can get out of control. And it shows that in war, no one is right.
fresh	Demange's feature debut miraculously distills the often Byzantine nature of the power politics behind The Troubles in a deeply intimate chamber piece about a single day in the life of a British soldier.
fresh	People died, but it's more than the bombs, bullets and bodies. The more fascinating damage was done to psyches and souls, and Demange, with '71, comes for yours.
fresh	The movie excites, but intelligently, without stoking blood lust or Old Testament revenge impulses.
rotten	If you are in the mood for a confusing and thoroughly depressing immersion into Irish history, you can't do better. But that would be a very odd mood to be in.
fresh	A "war is hell" movie that won't give up.
fresh	When it comes to vengeance and murderous intrigue, the Belfast in "&#8201;'71" is a small world.
fresh	O'Connell is terrific.
fresh	This isn't a story about religious differences. It's a thriller - gripping, almost abstract and carefully assembled by filmmakers who appear to know more about creating tension than explaining it.
fresh	It may not be fair to call Yann Demange a great filmmaker after just one feature, but that feature, '71, just might be a great film.
fresh	Scenes take on a surreal nightmare quality, sometimes with no accompanying sound, as even the camera seems dazed by what it is witnessing.
fresh	A deeply impressive thriller where the deeds are frightening yet the momentum is bracing.
fresh	The grainy, grimy, shadow-strewn look is right for this sort of military noir, and the women who haunt the edges of the conflict are splendid icons of both conscience and crushed humanity.
fresh	A terrific action movie that also says something painfully true about the deceit and double-dealing that poisoned peoples' lives during the years of conflict in Northern Ireland.
fresh	Shot by first-time feature director Yann Demange on the gritty streets of Sheffield and Liverpool in a style that puts the viewer in the crosshairs of the action, '71 is bracing from beginning to end.
fresh	"'71" is a well-crafted, tense film and an excellent debut for its authors.
fresh	A perfectly paranoiac score by David Holmes and downright stunning camerawork, courtesy of cinematographer Tat Radcliffe, enhance and embody Hook's manic flight.
fresh	This is a brisk, frightening movie about recent history and it's well worth a look.
fresh	It's a potent, visceral experience, but it doesn't offer much historical context, and its depiction of the IRA is fairly simplistic.
fresh	If you're looking for the top big screen debuts of the year, you'll find two straight off the bat in the nail-grinding thriller, '71.
fresh	It's a stylish, intense vehicle for rising star O'Connell, whose disillusionment is the emotional center of a movie that knows nobody gets out clean.
fresh	The best moments of '71 plop us in a scary situation, alive with the uncertainty of chaos as it happens.
fresh	Burke is interested in people not politics, keeping the focus on the sudden outbreaks of inhumanity and humanity in the madness, expertly crafting his thriller from the swirling fog of war.
fresh	It's a tense, introspective action movie, not the broad look at the geopolitical and on-the-ground realities that one might expect out of the sweeping title. And that's fine
fresh	Succeeds as a riveting historical drama that features winning performances and first-rate direction.
fresh	One of the early surprises of 2015, and hopefully will expand to more theaters and the wider audience it deserves.
fresh	Gripping, mournful, suspenseful.
fresh	It's only March, but this could be 2015's most invigorating directorial debut.
fresh	It's a master class in structure, a meticulously built period piece, a powerful anti-war film, and rarest of all, a thriller whose tension and suspense feel genuinely earned.
fresh	Such is the plot's momentum ... that we scarcely notice the jolts of implausibility.
fresh	It's a riveting, man-on-the-run genre movie, almost a combination of "Black Hawk Down" and "After Hours," rather than an allegory or a historical treatise.
fresh	... offers a powerfully immersive examination of morality and humanity inside a blue-collar war zone.
fresh	director Yann Demange and screenwriter Gregory Burke take a thoroughly new approach to look at the early days of Ireland's Troubles by casting an innocent in the garb of an invader into dangerous territory where allies may be enemies and enemies allies.
fresh	Within its limited compass, '71 packs a punch, and the lack of political bias does give it a more encompassing feel.
fresh	'71 doesn't always work, but when it does, it's a blistering, gripping tale of a boy lost in a war gone horribly wrong.
fresh	O'Connell continues to bring equal measures of toughness and vulnerability to his characters. Despite his good looks, there's an everyman's quality to him, which he uses to full effect in "'71."
fresh	A tense thriller from Britain that so adroitly joins physical intensity, emotional authenticity and political acuity that you may find yourself forgetting to take a breath.
fresh	Mr. O'Connell runs away with " '71," in which his character's every emotional, psychological and physical hurdle makes for kinetic cinema.
fresh	'71 may not illuminate all that much, but it consistently electrifies.
fresh	A private in the British army finds himself stranded on the streets of Belfast in 1971. Demange's film, spiked by an all-stops-out O'Connell, makes politics unnervingly personal.
fresh	Big-screen storytelling stripped to its dramatic and visual essentials, and the result is nothing less than shattering.
fresh	Demange's feature synthesizes the speed and dynamism of early Kathryn Bigelow-directed films...
fresh	A supremely effective nail-biter, but its greatest value is a sense of you-are-there commotion, envisioning a time and place with a screen ferocity that leaves lasting marks.
fresh	'71 rarely stops for breath; the threat of sudden violence hangs over every mundane conversation, and Demange expertly sustains the tension, allowing anxiety to build, briefly ebb, and then build again, over and over.
fresh	Yann Demange tints the midnight alleys of Belfast like an Irish flag dragged through the mud: black skies, sickly green lamps, and the orange flames of torched cars.
fresh	Its pitilessness is matched only by its economy
fresh	Visceral, vivid...pulse-pounding.
fresh	"'71" is a claustrophobic experience, as gray and imposing as the film's muted color palette.
fresh	A tense and exciting action-drama about a young British soldier caught out of his depth on the mean streets of Belfast in Northern Ireland in the early years of the Troubles.
fresh	The Troubles have rarely been more troubling onscreen than they are in '71, a vivid, shivery survival thriller that turns the red-brick residential streets of Belfast into a war zone of unconscionable peril.
fresh	A big part of [Demange's] achievement resides in the casting of such a veteran crew of character actors in the first place, but credit is due for coaxing such subtle performances.
fresh	When the action slows down just enough for dialogue that extends beyond gruff, hollered exchanges, Gregory Burke's brilliantly economical screenplay doesn't mince words.
fresh	The tension this movie keeps going throughout its 99-minute runtime is nothing short of remarkable [...] There is not an ounce of fat [present].
fresh	Few movies show the rage between the British Unionists and the Irish Republican army as effectively as "'71."
fresh	A tense, nerve-racking drama set primarily over the course of one night in Belfast.
fresh	The movie is an affirmation of O'Connell's talent and an announcement of Demange's.
fresh	Remarkably even-handed amid the hyper-violence. An anti-war film that puts you off war by making it seem nightmarish and brutal.
fresh	Yann Demange's film most backgrounds the politics in favor of nervy suspense, you-are-there verisimilitude and strong characterizations.
fresh	A formidable debut for TV/commercial director Demange
fresh	It's beautifully shot, smartly written and packed with suspense. But Top Boy director Yann Demange and Black Watch writer Gregory Burke do slightly over-egg the plot.
fresh	With O'Connell's arresting lead performance backed by a gritty supporting cast, '71 marks an impressive feature debut from director Yann Demange, who uses jittery hand-held cameras to give the action cinema verite urgency and immediacy.
fresh	The mix of genre contrivances and docudrama can be queasy at times. You won't have a moment to dwell on such faults thanks to stealthy direction by newbie Demange, who keeps the action moving between scenes and standoffs that are lurid and visceral.
fresh	1971 was one of the worst years of The Troubles and many of us would be forgiven for not wishing to return to that very grim time in our recent history. However, '71 is a sensational watch, a must-see for film goers in Northern Ireland.
fresh	The film's more interested in the politics of war, rather than the specifics of the conflict; the idea, to paraphrase Richard Dormer's ex-army medic, that rich ****s use stupid ****s to kill poor ****s.
fresh	Demange and Burke jack up the tension by subverting the stranger-in-a-foreign-land aspect of the plot in ways that smartly and subtly tap into the specifics of the situation.
fresh	Having settled on Belfast, the film-makers revel in the artificial fibres, shaggy hair, and nicotine-yellow ceilings of a particular place at a particular time.
fresh	You can almost feel a trickle of sweat start to form as director Yann Demange and his crew evoke a nightmarish world in which trust is a luxury that only the foolish can afford.
fresh	'71 brings a fresh perspective and a piercing urgency to a well-worn scenario.
fresh	Yann Demange's brilliant debut feature is an honourable companion piece to Carol Reed's 1947 classic, Odd Man Out.
fresh	'71 gives us just enough background detail and hints about the complexities of the conflict while still keeping an eye on what is essentially a 'behind enemy lines' story.
fresh	For all its flaws '71 offers a lapel-grabbing, immersive viewing experience likely to shake up audiences who couldn't otherwise care less about the boredom-factor whys and wherefores of Northern Ireland's bitterest years.
fresh	Both an intensely personal odyssey and an exploration of the impact of conflict on communities, this sharply involving thriller marks an auspicious debut for director Yann Demange.
fresh	A blistering, disturbing portrayal of one British soldier's attempt to get back to his Belfast barracks after being stranded behind enemy lines during the Troubles.
fresh	An extraordinarily tense adventure story that recalls John Carpenter's Escape from New York as much as Paul Greengrass's Bloody Sunday.
fresh	'71 hurtles along, visceral and daring.
fresh	It's an extraordinary cinematic debut for director Yann Demange, whose unflinching lens quickly establishes an environment that seethes with danger and menace...
fresh	The villainy is, perhaps unavoidably, somewhat signposted, but this is a tense, gripping thriller that combines real-world relevance with high-concept entertainment. In a superb ensemble, O'Connell is outstanding.
fresh	Stumbles at the last, but this is strong work from Demange.
fresh	Demange has crafted a thoroughly convincing picture of 1970s Belfast (actually filmed in Blackburn and Liverpool) that could almost be a bleak newsreel from the era.
fresh	This is a taut thriller, with great control of action and pace, and an outstanding re-creation of the west Belfast war zone.
fresh	In revisiting the Troubles, what this film finds is a wasteland of shattered trust, and the only objective it comprehends is getting out alive.
fresh	Remember this name: Jack O'Connell. He is magnificent in one of the most remarkable portraits of soldiering in recent memory.
fresh	The film's mix of hard-nosed realist drama with more heightened genre elements - action, certainly; horror, even - means that it's always distinctive and has you in its grip from start to finish.
fresh	A brutal army thriller that feels like the truth, thanks to take-noprisoners storytelling and a tell-no-lies performance from Jack O'Connell, Brit-grit's heir apparent.
fresh	You're hooked to the very final frame.
fresh	O'Connell is an eloquent actor who can do more with less.
fresh	A riveting film about a British solder adrift in 1971 Belfast, a dangerous war zone filled with zealous partisans of all types.
rotten	...Demange's many, many attempts to generate tension fall completely and hopelessly flat.
fresh	It distinguishes itself from Pual Greengrass's films by virtue of its close attention to political and moral ambiguities.
fresh	A perfect historical thriller. Jack O'Connell is a future mega star.
fresh	This is confident, fascinating filmmaking.
fresh	The unconventional and multidirectional approach '71 takes in exploring a moment in history more than makes up for its mixed success as an action movie.
fresh	Don't expect the speeches or political bombast of 'Bloody Sunday.' Think of the survivalism of 'The Naked Prey.'
fresh	There's a fluidity to the way one small conflict bleeds into the next, with neither the main character nor us getting much of a chance to slow down and take a breath.
fresh	There is certainly enough about this young filmmaker to suggest a bright career beckons.
fresh	Don't Think I've Forgotten leaves the powerful impression of a music scene that took the shape of whatever cultural or political forces were imposed on it at the time.
fresh	As expressionistic as it is journalistic, Don't Think I've Forgotten triumphs as both an objective record and a poetic lament: It's a film that's every bit as entrancing and haunting as the lost music it celebrates.
fresh	The first two-thirds of Don't Think I've Forgotten is a pure and joyous celebration of the music. The last third is an avowal of just how potent rock 'n' roll can be.
fresh	...not only recovers important music but also examines the devastating toll that a violent international conflict takes on culture
fresh	Because it concentrates on the music - interviewing surviving fans and artists, generously sampling old 45s and video clips - "Don't Think I've Forgotten" offers a fresh and powerful account of Cambodia's painful history.
fresh	Artfully assembled, with interviews interspersed between period footage [...], Pirozzi's film makes the whole period come alive.
fresh	This is eye-opening and frequently moving, elevated by sharp editing that imaginatively juxtaposes major events in government and entertainment history.
fresh	"Don't Think I've Forgotten" reminds us of music's essential role as cultural unifier.
rotten	Despite its sense of mission, the film suffers from soapy excesses and narrative disjunctures.
fresh	Patrik-Ian Polk makes a huge artistic leap with this deeply affecting, funny and original peek at one confused youth's coming out process.
rotten	At no point does anyone in the film even vaguely resemble an actual 21st-century teenager; when these kids text each other, it comes across like science fiction.
fresh	A gospel-driven cross of Precious and Rent, only set in a sleepy Southern town that time forgot instead of New York City.
rotten	Director Patrik-Ian Polk makes the ending a little too pat, but he makes us root for these characters to be happy, and for their world to be a better place.
rotten	Anything that can go wrong, will - often in spectacular fashion.
rotten	The film is, like its main character, too naive to understand or, at least, to deploy the reparative powers of camp.
rotten	The story ends up being one wrong turn after another. A GPS hasn't been invented that could get this plot-hole-riddled script back on track.
rotten	There's a full tank of cliches for the mismatched-strangers road movie "Cas & Dylan," the feature directing debut of Jason Priestley, and the sputtering is cacophonous even with two gifted actors leading the way.
fresh	This Canadian movie, from a screenplay by Jessie Gabe, begins in Winnipeg and ends in Vancouver and jounces along on the crackle of smart-aleck dialogue mouthed by its stars, Richard Dreyfuss and Tatiana Maslany.
rotten	It is still hard to fathom why an actor of [Richard] Dreyfuss' stature would find himself in a thin, predictable and wholly contrived indie like Cas & Dylan.
rotten	If there was an original idea in Jesse Gabe's screenplay it died of loneliness long before reaching the screen.
rotten	Leading man Richard Dreyfuss is so irrepressibly charming that he almost saves Jason Priestley's dismal buddy comedy Cas & Dylan from its awkward humor and trite sentimentality.
fresh	Former heart-throb Jason Priestley, making his feature debut as director, keeps the banter ticking along nicely as the bug transports us to a sentimental -- but genuinely touching -- conclusion.
rotten	The film simply mucks up its earnest take on the buddy movie with undercooked characters and on-the-nose writing.
rotten	...an earnest yet underwhelming endeavor that's hardly a cut above most garden-variety made-for-television enterprises...
rotten	Cas & Dylan may have big-name talent for a small Canadian movie but mainly it has tired Hollywood formulas.
fresh	Screenwriter Jessie Gabe has a few surprises up her sleeve, particularly at the end.
fresh	Even if Cas & Dylan isn't as polished as it could be, there are still enough pleasing moments to make this road trip worth the ride.
rotten	Wannabe Christian swashbuckler throws a lot of stuff up on the screen in the hopes that something will stick as exciting and romantic. None of it does.
fresh	The sort of action adventure a Born Again Quentin Tarantino might make.
rotten	It wants to be a faith-based film, a historical drama, and an action/adventure movie at the same time. Those three things are blended together awkwardly, leading to shifts in tone that can be jarring.
rotten	A faith-based swashbuckling Revolutionary War period piece that doesn't have the wit or the budget to quite come off.
fresh	Mankind may be awash in more con men and faith-based swindlers than ever, but precious few are bold enough to step forward into the light of reason, even for a million bucks. Bravo, Mr. Randi.
fresh	"An Honest Liar" is a fitting tribute to a figure whose stamina and wit only appear to be magical.
fresh	A genuinely entertaining feature-length documentary.
fresh	"An Honest Liar" is a fascinating look at what the truth means, and how it means different things to different people. It's also a reminder that no one has a monopoly on it. Not even the Amazing Randi.
fresh	Randi's ability to disclose Popoff's religious perjury will make any skeptic stand and applaud.
fresh	James Randi exposes frauds and charlatans, but is he guilty of deception too?
fresh	Entertaining work, and supplies a welcome introduction to The Amazing Randi.
fresh	Anyone who can challenges faith healers, psychics and mediums who claim a special bond with the dead - and often wins those challenges - deserves a standing ovation.
fresh	It's telling -- even poignant -- that a man supposedly equipped with foolproof "lie-dar" could be duped by the person closest to him.
fresh	Randi's story suggests a modern-day footnote to Herman Melville's novel The Confidence-Man, reflecting the strange interplay between show business, religion, and hucksterism in American life.
fresh	An Honest Liar is an infectiously engaging time capsule that gets a couple of great digs in before that curtain falls.
fresh	A clear-eyed but warm-hearted look at Randi's life and career, one where the subject's deepest secrets are ultimately laid out for all to see.
fresh	[James] Randi has had an amazing life, one that, improbably, gets even more thrilling when he's no longer doing magic
fresh	Randi's a sly charmer, and an engaging guide through the film ...
fresh	After getting to know the TV personality who unmasked psychics as simply magicians themselves, it makes getting to know the man behind the crusade even more powerful.
fresh	Unexpectedly revelatory and deeply moving.
fresh	It would violate a taboo to relate how this movie magic, masterfully orchestrated by Weinstein and Measom, is done. Their film is as smooth as Randi's patter and demonstrates how the documentarian's camera is quicker than the eye.
fresh	In the end, "An Honest Liar" becomes a far more layered tale than it starts out to be.
fresh	A worthwhile portrayal of an intelligent and skilled old-school conjuror who can look the audience in the eye and say, "I'm a deceiver and I'm going to deceive you," and then do just that.
fresh	"An Honest Liar" illustrates a rare phenomenon in documentary: what it means to think, to believe and to challenge what our very own eyes see, and more to the point, do not see.
fresh	This is where An Honest Liar shines: when it lays out how Randi threw wrenches into the careers of several famous frauds.
fresh	"An Honest Liar" isn't simply a career recap or a fond portrait; the movie takes exhilarating turns as directors Justin Weinstein and Tyler Measom follow present-day developments in Randi's personal life.
fresh	Documenting a lifetime spent gulling audiences and pursuing con men, the directors Justin Weinstein and Tyler Measom have produced a jaunty, jovial portrait with a surprising sting in its tail.
fresh	The film deserves to be seen, and admired, for its own revelations, and for its unlikely, yet deeply affecting, transformation into a story of abiding love that, in its own turn, involves a deception.
rotten	The doc makes a hairpin turn into sentiment, as the realities of immigration law impose themselves on Randi's private relationship with his Venezuelan lover of 25 years.
fresh	a fascinating character: quick-witted, still relatively spry for his age, with an air of mystery, even when he's simply telling the truth.
fresh	Intriguing stuff.
fresh	Plays more like a greatest hits compilation than a biography ...
fresh	A documentary portrait of James Randi that is both entertaining and provocative.
fresh	Bounces along enjoyably on a sea of archival clips from Randi's high-profile career, with latter-day input from numerous celebrity pals (and at least one famous foe).
fresh	Aptly seductive ...
fresh	Deception all around
fresh	Directors Tyler Measom and Justin Weinstein turn a standard bio-doc about an extraordinary man into a rumination on the blurred line between trickery and truth.
fresh	...a profile in heroic rationality.
fresh	Expertly assembled to draw out the suspense of danger lurking around each vacant hill... the movie creates a world of paradoxical sentiments: immediate decision-making pitted against the immovable forces of ideology and moral codes.
fresh	Mortensen's post-Lord of the Rings choices have been an idiosyncratic mix: His my-way-or-the-highway approach doesn't always pay off, but it does here with engrossing results.
fresh	What makes it work is the solemn efficiency of director David Oelhoffen's storytelling and the quiet intensity of the two leads: The rough tenderness of Mortensen's gaze plays off well against Kateb's conflicted demeanor.
rotten	But to expand Camus's slender story to 101 minutes, Oelhoffen decides to say a lot more than the basic dramatic situation necessarily demands.
rotten	Something of a Distinguished Slog.
fresh	Surprisingly affecting.
fresh	Camus sets the movie's initial course, but Mr. Oelhoffen resolutely steers it home with political context, historical hindsight, an unambiguous moral imperative and a pair of well-matched performances; put another way, he makes the story his own.
fresh	It's refreshing to see a sincere paean to nobility, honor, and courage, especially one that periodically elevates the pulse with expertly mounted standoffs.
fresh	This thoughtful, contemplative Western is compelling and well-crafted, even if it's occasionally as slow as a wandering tumbleweed.
rotten	Attempting to expand Camus' rather lean short proves to be a hurdle Oelhoffen can't completely overcome.
fresh	The actual physical locations in Far From Men are stunning, and Oelhoffen smartly emphasizes the emptiness of the desert, which seems to stretch on infinitely behind the characters.
fresh	Despite its episodic structure, Far From Men is a powerful and engaging piece of cinema.
rotten	In all fairness, Albert Camus' short story L'hote (The Guest) may be too spare and lean to fill a full-length feature film. But also in all fairness, it captures its issues in a far more concise and eloquent manner then David Oelhoffen's film.
rotten	The original's existentialist undertow is mostly lost in shallow characterizations and scenes that perfunctorily tip their hat to genre tropes rather than illuminating the characters.
fresh	Writer-director David Oelhoffen's idea of approaching this potent two-hander as an Algeria-set horse opera proves as inspired as it is unexpected.
fresh	Far From Men crafts a haunting atmosphere of alienation for its story of outcasts forging an unlikely bond.
fresh	The film often suggests a less defiant cover of The Defiant Ones, yet it's a must-see for Viggo Mortensen's characteristically wonderful performance.
fresh	A movie based on an Albert Camus story. Now that's existential.
fresh	"Far From Men" never strays far from its western genre roots, except perhaps in its ultimate subtle moral: Nothing, not honor, duty or your personal code, is so important that it trumps the value of your life.
rotten	Appearances are everything in Effie Gray, a film that pushes tasteful restraint to extremes.
fresh	Played with aetherial grace and innate wisdom by Dakota Fanning
rotten	Slow-moving period film makes intriguing tale uninteresting.
rotten	It's deadly dull, clogged with all kinds of string and piano music and sunk by a perplexingly lifeless performance by Dakota Fanning as Gray.
rotten	Fanning's controlled presence is ideal for a tale of Victorian repression. But as the film becomes one of quiet liberation, it needs more than her cool reserve.
rotten	Picturesque scenery, exquisite set/costume designs and solid performances fail to enliven the film which lacks subtlety, often drags and ultimately fails to pack enough of an emotional wallop.
fresh	...attractively shot, appealingly acted, and decorously eye-opening.
fresh	Wise, who is noticeably older than the 29-year-old Ruskin was at the time the events occurred in real life, gives a tense, implacable performance, and Fanning is touching. The movie, however, directed by Richard Laxton, could use a lot more oomph.
fresh	As a female-predicament drama containing art, history, romance and nice scenery, Effie Gray is intelligent, interesting and engrossing.
rotten	A skilled cast fails to lift a morbidly recounted true tale...
rotten	"Downton Abbey" has more action in 10 minutes than "Effie Gray" does in two hours.
rotten	"Effie Gray" runs 108 minutes, yet it feels like it ends right before the real drama is about to begin.
rotten	With a script by Emma Thompson, you might expect Effie Gray to have the same period-piece poignancy as her 1995 take on Sense and Sensibility. No such luck.
rotten	This is an interesting story, but it's treated here in a fashion that's at once timorous and overstated.
fresh	Effie Gray is peculiarly compelling, even if the issue of sexual repression, all the Victorian manners, seem light-years gone and close to unfathomable.
rotten	Fanning feels wafer-thin and out of her element. She's appropriately wan, but as we never know Effie's potential, her loss of identity has minimal punch.
fresh	The best thing about the ultimately involving way this romantic drama ends up on screen is that it's sure to arouse enough interest to make those who don't already know the outcome more than eager to look it up.
rotten	While it has some lovely moments, "Effie Gray" is a bit underwhelming; it's odd that an artist so acclaimed for her wit would produce a script so chilly, so dour.
fresh	Thompson herself plays a sort of proto-feminist advisor, but the enemy here isn't misogyny so much as it is gynophobia.
fresh	Visually voluptuous, though the pacing occasionally suggests watching a Pre-Raphaelite dry.
rotten	It's a lamentable if not especially engrossing story, part wronged-woman narrative, part marital horror movie.
fresh	Thompson largely succeeds at giving Effie a voice, much as Fanning succeeds at beautifully bringing it to life. But the world around Effie remains crudely drawn, and in that respect the film can only do so much justice to her story.
rotten	Insomniacs should seek out Effie Gray if only for the sound night's sleep they will get after experiencing this inert snooze-fest.
fresh	The counterpoint of styles comments on Ruskin with irony and subtlety; as such it succeeds as criticism - and as art.
rotten	What at least could have been a satisfyingly Gothic true-life version of 'Jane Eyre' is merely one huge bore.
rotten	Listless and airless, and we yearn for Effie's emancipation largely so we can escape ourselves.
fresh	"Effie Gray" is a powerful look at early feminism. Instead of accepting her fate in a bad marriage like many Victorian women advised her to do, Effie fights her way out of it - scandal be damned.
rotten	This period piece, directed by Richard Laxton, is shot in such a grim and grainy fashion you long to turn on the lights - which is fitting, because you also wish the filmmakers had illuminated the characters a bit more clearly.
fresh	It's a sumptuously elegant picture, but a disappointingly timid and decorous work that takes more care in outlining oppression than in creating a compelling protagonist. Her suffering is interesting, but she is not.
rotten	Thompson makes Ruskin such a cardboard villain, playing on stereotypes of the cold, stuffy intellectual, that she turns Gray's story into a tastefully dreary domestic-prison saga.
rotten	The movie has a very methodical pace, which sometimes verges on sluggish. And the soft focus of certain light-filled scenes doesn't make Effie look angelic so much as it makes the director appear amateurish.
rotten	On a purely technical level, Effie Gray is fine, if uninspired, with its washed-out color, attention to detail, and lack of heavy-handed moralizing. As an experience, though, it's a drag without much reward.
rotten	The film itself begins to feel like Gray, a pretty bird in a gilded cage with nowhere to fly.
rotten	I'm willing to embrace boring British period pieces as much as the next critic. But there are limits.
fresh	Fanning is a worthy muse for Thompson. She has developed into an actress who can convey considerable depth and feeling behind those haunting pale blue eyes.
rotten	Like watching paint dry on an exquisite masterpiece.
rotten	Fanning is miscast, offering a flat performance that finds Effie searching the world with dead eyes.
rotten	We'll never know how mismatched Ruskin and Effie were in real life, but in Ms. Thompson's tactful but muted version of the truth, they seem to be in a stupor.
fresh	The Victorian melodrama in "Effie Gray'' works better than the Victorian suffering.
rotten	A painfully obvious attack on the past and its regressive mores that does little but reward viewers for (hopefully) not being sexist pigs.
rotten	You can feel the good intentions vibrating off the screen, but it's still a listless affair, one that takes forever to go almost nowhere.
rotten	The rare period piece that resists a helpful infusion of modern-day freshness, Effie Gray is entombed by the same emotional repressiveness that frustrated its namesake.
rotten	When it comes to casting Fannings, if you can't get Elle, no Fanning is better than any Fanning available.
rotten	Effie Gray is an exquisitely dreary slice of middlebrow armchair theater which adds little new to a much-filmed story.
rotten	A peculiar slice of 19th-century cultural life is mined to minimal effect in Effie Gray, a stillborn labour of love that doesn't justify the long slog from screenwriter and supporting player Emma Thompson required to bring this tale to the screen.
rotten	Not even Emma Thompson can breathe life into this middlebrow look at Victorian rigidities.
fresh	It spins the narrative of one of the Victorian art world's most mysterious marriages into a study of life lived and life merely examined, a fecund fairy tale in reverse.
rotten	The tragic sadness of a Victorian wife and the unraveling of her marriage might be a worthy subject but, as brought to the screen by so reverently and bloodlessly, Effie Gray is a bit of a drag.
rotten	A stultifyingly dreary costume drama that's far too timid and tasteful for its own good.
rotten	The film needed further salvation. Fanning excels as a sleeping beauty slowly awakening, but Thompson and Wise are both miscast.
rotten	Compared with the daring vision of Mike Leigh's Mr Turner, Effie Gray is a disappointingly safe and dull affair.
fresh	Fifty Shades Of 'Gray'? A different Dakota's deranged deconstruction on screen, though conversely as a sexless slave in matrimonial bondage. While touching on class/gender solidarity with the butler, and possibly pedophilia. Emma Thompson, you rock.
rotten	In the title role, Dakota Fanning has a certain haunted grace. But in cinematic terms Effie Gray is painting by numbers.
rotten	This admirable, watercolor-delicate tale of individual feminist emancipation never quite blooms into living color, hampered by spotty casting and Richard Laxton's overly deliberate direction.
fresh	It may be billed as a "love triangle", but there's precious little love on display, even in our heroine's growing affection for pre-Raphaelite painter John Everett Millais.
fresh	Set in London, Venice and the wilds of Scotland, Effie Gray is a very beautiful, elegant period drama.
fresh	A fascinating, albeit strangely downbeat, costume drama.
rotten	If ever a story cried out for the richly saturated, passionate tones of melodrama, it's Effie Gray.
fresh	Based on a notorious true story, this film takes a muted approach that matches the Victorian period and attitudes, which somewhat undermines the vivid emotions of the characters.
fresh	The film generates potent, often claustrophobic drama while never losing our sympathy for the fragile, resilient Effie.
fresh	A marriage cut down by Victorian prejudice is at the centre of this intriguing, Emma Thompson-penned historical drama.
fresh	Well scripted, efficiently directed, handsomely dressed and furnished, and vigorously acted.
fresh	An unexpectedly entertaining movie about this marital disaster and Gray's subsequent romance with the painter John Everett Millais.
rotten	The trouble is, the film is as stifled and repressed as the emotions it is attempting to describe, and cannot make a go of the romantic element, which simply refuses to fly.
rotten	Handsome, well-mounted but dull, dull, dull.
fresh	There's little humour and - despite the best efforts of the cast - it's all a little stiff and one-dimensional.
fresh	There are clever and sensitive touches right through, and a moving ending. But Fanning seems wholly uncomfortable, and not always intentionally.
rotten	Dakota Fanning's almost hypnotically-blank performance eventually becomes a dulling drag on Effie Gray ...
fresh	Ultimately, this is an enjoyable, if slightly sluggish biopic that overcomes its flaws thanks to Thompson's way with dialogue, although it doesn't tug on the heartstrings as surely as you might hope.
fresh	While admiring director Richard Laxton for this brooding, somewhat elusive piece, the audience are left to crave a defining, dramatic moment, or an impactful crescendo to illuminate this narrative.
fresh	A thoughtful, well-acted and perceptive drama - but for a film about a love triangle, the sparks don't exactly fly.
fresh	The result is dark and offbeat, but as a murky anti-romance, Gray is undeniably effective.
rotten	This kind of formalism needs to do more than walk through classical wonders. It should want to create cinema that can stand near or beside them. This movie defensively consecrates what's already there. You don't need a film to do that.
fresh	An exquisite rumination on life, love and art that tickles the heart and mind in equal measure.
fresh	Green's richly textured, painterly images fuse with the story to evoke the essence of humane urbanity and the relationships that it fosters, whether educational, familial, or erotic.
fresh	Green doesn't so much use his characters as mouthpieces as emotionally invest them in art, turning opinions into feelings.
fresh	"La Sapienza" strikes this reviewer as easily the most astonishing and important movie to emerge from France in quite some time.
fresh	The movie is an unapologetically rarefied undertaking and at the same time a gracious and inviting film.
rotten	Pretentious, stuffy and slow. There's some beautiful scenery here but oh, what you must put up with to earn it!
fresh	While La Sapienza is unsatisfying as drama, it's frequently beautiful just as a tour through architecturally significant Italian buildings.
fresh	La Sapienza  alternately feels like a self-reflexive love story or a haunted history lesson -- its best scenes play like both.
fresh	A picture that balances heart and mind with nuance.
fresh	As in "Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf," both the younger couple and their older mentors are changed from a relationship.
fresh	This recalls Manoel de Oliveira and Eric Rohmer in its poker-faced style, deliberately archaic storytelling, and magisterial epiphanies.
fresh	Although a love-fiction crossed with documentary lecture and superb Raphael O'Byrne cinematography, 'La Sapienza' is as close as celluloid can approach to architecture.
fresh	Eugene Green's mannered direction doesn't work for every situation it's homogenously applied to, but at its most effective it inspires an enhanced sensitivity to the import of every gesture, visual or verbal.
rotten	There might be an engaging film buried beneath the severe dialogue, portentous music and ominous shadows of "1915." But a relentless and heavy-handed script makes the effort to find it seem futile.
fresh	I want to know more about the history of the Armenian Massacre but found myself being told of the problems producing a play in current-day Los Angeles.
fresh	The film plays out like a pensive, high-minded version of "Birdman or (the Unexpected Virtue of Ignorance)."
fresh	Thankfully, after this rocky start, the filmmakers largely find their footing to deliver riveting storylines that provide important history lessons along the way.
rotten	1915 is sadly dull and didactic, even within the parameters of a film whose primary purpose is to educate rather than entertain.
rotten	This sweet, play-it-safe adaptation of TV's honeybee heroine is as innocuous and uninspired as preschool animation gets.
rotten	"Maya the Bee" embodies the kind of self-consciously uplifting treacle some adults insist kids want. They package "Maya" like honey, but it tastes like medicine.
fresh	The film's messages about friendship, acceptance and being yourself are clear enough for the young, and grown-ups can read the story as a warning about conformity and about going to war on false pretenses.
rotten	The film achieves a level of proficient mediocrity early on and hovers there for the rest of its slender running time.
rotten	More harmless than entertaining.
fresh	I really loved it. I loved Maya.
fresh	It's a nice film but... nice.
fresh	Maya herself is voiced by nine-year-old Gillies who does a jolly, infectious job as an innocent heroine.
fresh	Cute bee adventure teaches about inclusion and cooperation.
rotten	While parents may struggle with the relentless perkiness of the ever giggling baby bee, little ones may get lost in an overly complex story that would have benefited from judicious pruning.
fresh	Altogether the best exploration of Australian class conflicts through the medium of animated insects that you're likely to see this year.
rotten	It's a wearyingly familiar story -- and even the jokes, mostly insect puns, aren't the kind that adults are likely to enjoy.
fresh	"1971" is an appropriately matter-of-fact title for a decidedly low-key documentary. But don't mistake a lack of flash for an absence of substance.
fresh	Hamilton nevertheless skilfully evokes the era's turbulent political and social climate, with genuine suspense generated during the heist matched by unexpected humour.
fresh	Minor quibbles aside, it's an important documentary.
fresh	[A] riveting, revelatory documentary.
fresh	Johanna Hamilton's 1971 may not be as dynamic or immediate a documentary as executive producer Laura Poitras's Citizenfour, but as a look at the earliest iteration of America as a security state, it's essential.
fresh	For those who care about personal freedoms, this well-crafted and illuminating film is required viewing.
fresh	A belated tribute to some fearless patriots with the gumption to expose the FBI's lawless ways and the wherewithal to evade apprehension by the Bureau to boot!
fresh	It might seem like a history lesson, but this compelling documentary has plenty of contemporary relevance.
fresh	Johanna Hamilton's 1971 represents a mind-blowing scoop disguised as a fairly garden-variety issue doc.
fresh	[1971] benefits mightily from superb re-enactments, the palpable integrity of its activist band of break-in artists, and some Rififi-like suspenseful moments.
fresh	Ms. Hamilton's straightforward documentary skillfully interweaves reminiscences by members of the group with re-enactments of the burglary.
fresh	Their message-namely, Who will watch the watchmen?-remains as important today as it was 44 years ago.
fresh	This is a terrific time capsule with a resonant message.
rotten	Mostly, the film is much ado about nothing (though the break-in led eventually to a Freedom of Information Act document dump that revealed details about the FBI spying on Martin Luther King Jr.).
fresh	Even if it doesn't quite qualify as breaking news, 1971 certainly has the urgency of the past speaking to the present.
fresh	Timely! As riveting and illuminating as The Most Dangerous Man in America: Daniel Ellsberg and the Pentagon Papers.
fresh	The story, including its cat-and-mouse aftermath, adds the intricate excitement of a thriller to righteous historical outrage.
fresh	An important addition to the filmography of dissent-oriented political docs.
fresh	The film offers surprisingly cogent, lived-in evocations of a period too often glossed over in impersonal, by-the-book montages.
fresh	Real-life Oceans 11 plays out as political thriller with eerie timeliness in exposure of a 40-year-old mystery. Shadowy reenactments are suspensefully credible and effective.
fresh	A riveting history lesson, aided by the real burglars coming out publicly for the very first time.
fresh	A salute to civil disobedience, told in the voices of ordinary people who broke the law on ethical grounds.
fresh	...a thrilling lesson about how authoritarianism can be curbed, sometimes, by one simple and well-targeted blow.
rotten	Ryan Gosling's stylish and evocative directorial debut shows some potential even if his script is a muddled and incoherent mess.
rotten	Ryan Gosling has taken many great visual skills from his time with director Nicholas Winding Refn, but unfortunately his writing still has a long way to go, turning Lost River into an aimless and bland experience to rival Refn's own Only God Forgives.
rotten	Indulgent and movie-like, Lost River is Gosling's weird, let's-do-this-thing folly. If it is a statement, it is one made by borrowing the vivid styles of the actual filmmakers he seems to admire ...
fresh	Designed to daze and confuse, and succeeding, Ryan Gosling's directorial debut is a stunner in visual terms alone.
rotten	Nothing wrong with a bit of hero-worship/homage, but Ryan Gosling's writing/directing debut is a little too self-Refn-rential for its own good.
rotten	Stylized drama about poverty has some disturbing violence.
rotten	...what might happen if David Lynch were ever to shoot a nature documentary.
rotten	While Lost River isn't some misunderstood masterpiece, neither is it as awful as advertised.
fresh	Ryan Gosling's directorial debut is avowedly arty and rich to the point of bursting its seams.
rotten	Ryan Gosling is a tremendously talented actor, but he should really leave the storytelling to someone else.
fresh	Worth a gamble. Hell, you might love it.
rotten	Gosling may craft the occasional moment of strange, demented beauty, but his reliance on dream logic and over-use of the sub-Terrence Malick-style imagery that has pervaded American indie cinema in recent years doesn't convince.
rotten	It's presumably a labour of love, yet it doesn't give you any sense of a personality or imagination behind the camera.
fresh	When it premiered at Cannes last year, Gosling's urban fairytale was greeted with jeers. It should have been met with cheers.
rotten	Lost River is a bit of a mess, yes, but it should not be dismissed outright. There are some interesting ideas here, and although it is never pleasant or easy to watch, Lost River isn't a lost cause-it's just uneven.
fresh	De Caestecker is the real star of this show, with an effortless performance full of heart.
rotten	"Lost River" is one of those weird films that I think some people will absolutely adore, grabbing on to its performances, imagery, and ideas, without really caring that they haven't been stitched together in an interesting enough way.
fresh	Gosling isn't making "Lost River" to be loved. He's purging demons here, scratching film appreciation itches, demanding a type of adventurous moviegoer who can digest the random and celebrate the insane.
rotten	A pretentious burlesque of a film in which you are never entirely sure what Gosling is trying to say.
fresh	An often dazzling and always thought-provoking modern fairy tale that's never less than beautiful to look at.
fresh	"Lost River" is indeed a mess, but it's the best mess possible, an evocative grab-bag of images and moods with a heartfelt sincerity and conflicting impulses of romantic melancholy and hardscrabble hopefulness.
rotten	Ryan Gosling's directorial debut is a misfiring, wildly self-indulgent affair, but with flickerings of brilliance along the way. Individual sequences play like short films in their own right.
rotten	[Gosling] seems to have dug up some lurid offcuts from a Nicolas Winding Refn movie, and mashed then up with David Lynch and Edward Hopper.
fresh	Gosling is clearly angling for a parable on American consumerism, but he's more concerned with arresting fantasy-noir visuals, surreal dreamscapes and weird atmospheres than a coherent story.
fresh	At heart, "Lost River" is a midnight movie for those ready to find it and go with the flow.
fresh	The movie owes a sizable debt to David Lynch and to Nicolas Winding Refn, who directed Mr. Gosling in "Drive" and "Only God Forgives," but it reveals Mr. Gosling as a filmmaker with a poetic sensibility of his own.
fresh	If you're willing to go with it, it'll sweep you away.
rotten	Mediocrity, in this instance at least, denotes complacency, and Lost River exhibits on every level a "will-this-do?" quality.
rotten	Lost River is a film whose reputation precedes it. Viewers have decried it as a mess or lauded it as an artistic achievement ever since it premiered at Cannes 11 months ago. Ultimately, the film is really neither.
fresh	Plays more like a curious, sincere experiment of a promising new storyteller rather than the egotistical self-indulgence of an A-List actor.
rotten	Where Gosling goes wrong is in the priggish bombast. Instead of Refn and Lynch's self-contained worlds, he attempts Serious Commentary about the American Dream. But the actor shows no understanding of how poverty works.
rotten	With his writing-directing debut, Ryan Gosling shows audacious skill as a visual artist but never quite manages to recount a story that grabs hold of the audience...
rotten	Everything in it passes before the eyes before seeping out of the memory, which, given how ugly some of it is, is just as well.
rotten	The film proves that Gosling has refined taste in movies, and that he's a quick study, but not that he has much to say as an artist. Not yet, anyway.
rotten	Lost River comes across as the work of a poseur, but it's not that far away from being the striking, left-field cult vision Gosling clearly hoped it would be.
rotten	Gosling gets points for style but Lost River proves he's not quite ready for prime time as a filmmaker.
rotten	It comes across like the college coursework of a film student trying to convince the girl of his dreams that he is 'deep' and that he 'gets stuff'.
rotten	The story, more a tangle of violent, symbolic gestures, regards economic exploitation with fetishistic, impossibly overdetermined abandon.
rotten	"Lost River" is no misunderstood masterpiece, but at its best it makes you hope Gosling takes what works here and develops it into something stronger next time.
rotten	For half an hour, you have no clue what you're watching. Is it Malickian myth-making, a Lynchian bad trip, or Refn-style violent revenge? Then you realise Gosling has no idea either ...
rotten	An often risibly pretentious film that seems relentlessly drawn to the incomprehensible.
rotten	Lost River is a daring film that wears its influences with pride, but there's something missing as Gosling leads us into a dark abyss of Gothic clubs, dancing Aussies, and underwater mysteries.
fresh	At its worst, Lost River is a film to be looked at, not experienced, but at least it always looks intriguing.
rotten	After a strong, visually striking, resonant start, Lost River quickly descends into a fugue of memorable imagery signifying little and regularly abandons its established motifs for others.
rotten	It's fitting that in the credits [Gosling] thanks Guillermo del Toro, though perhaps he really should thank David Lynch.
rotten	A gruesome fairy tale of evil banks and sunken dreams, Lost River is a fantastically awful misfire from actor turned writer/director Ryan Gosling.
fresh	Any five minutes of the film would be well-suited to a cool music video, with only the last fifteen minutes or so threatening to become genuinely, giddily unhinged.
rotten	These days models turn designer, footballers become managers - and actors direct. Why not? Lost River, Ryan Gosling's directorial debut, is why not.
rotten	The film is ultimately kind of juvenile and dumb, and there are more moments where you'll roll your eyes rather than inwardly applauding.
rotten	It's an oneiric hymn to destruction, an Armageddon anthem - a movie to see, if at all, under the influence.
fresh	To say that Ryan Gosling's directorial debut feels more like a practice run than a true first feature sounds like condemnation, but the result of his experimentation is a striking and often mesmerising muddle.
rotten	For Gosling, Lost River has treacherous waters indeed.
fresh	Ryan Gosling wanted to make an art film and, despite some dull patches, pretty much succeeded.
rotten	A chimeric stroke job that leaves you utterly unfulfilled.
fresh	It's the work of a surprisingly confident and experimental young filmmaker, even if he's not yet confident enough to move beyond his influences.
rotten	An over-cooked affair that lacks much needed wit and humour to go alongside its self-aware art intentions.
rotten	For "River" read "Opportunity" or "Any Sense Of Proportion Or Humility" or maybe just "Mind".
rotten	A film so mind-bogglingly pleased with itself that the words "five stars - a masterpiece - Ryan Gosling" might as well appear on the poster.
rotten	A visual and aural sensory bath that shows some real flair but feels madly derivative at every moment.
rotten	Ryan Gosling makes an altogether inauspicious debut with this risible slab of Detroit gothic.
fresh	In the life force and in death, the two species coexist, complement and mirror one another.
fresh	Erlingsson makes wonderful use of the striking landscape as he weaves together a series of interlinking stories which veers from darkly amusing tales of death and sex through to more disturbing fare.
fresh	Strikingly good-looking if somewhat narratively uneven.
fresh	Flabbergasting images and a delightfully dry sense of humor make Of Horses and Men a debut worthy of celebration.
fresh	[Erlingsson] pushes ahead with efficient visuals, snappy transitions and a driving score split between cantering rhythms and choral hymns.
fresh	Of Horses and Men is the rare honest film about horses, one as frank about their tubelike erections as it is caught up in the beauty of gaits and forelocks and that profusion of lashes over those moistly delicate eyes.
fresh	Think of this as a western of the far north - one with no bad guys, a few stunts and showdowns, and horses who share top billing with their riders.
fresh	If you want to see the year's most original, comedic and shocking film all rolled into one, look no further than this feature from Iceland.
fresh	Of Horses and Men is the best Icelandic noir equine comedy I have ever seen. OK, it's also the only one, but I urge you to seek out this unexpected movie.
fresh	One of the pleasures of this film is the extent to which the horses really do feel like part of the narrative.
fresh	The tone veers from quirky observation to bleak contemplation, with a streak of dry cruelty - particularly when viewed through the reflective eyes of the horses upon which Erlingsson repeatedly focuses.
fresh	The Icelandic director Benedikt Erlingsson's debut feature is a wondrously strange affair, full of beautiful imagery of Icelandic horses set against rugged, frozen backdrops.
fresh	Erlingsson makes striking use of Iceland's volcanic landscapes as he links a collection of stories on love, death, loyalty, suffering and sacrifice in which magnificent horses play a central role.
fresh	Equine capers abound in Benedikt Erlingsson's surprising and charming debut.
fresh	[A] bizarre, offbeat Icelandic gem.
fresh	A rather bracing film in which the insides of humans interact with the outsides of horses. Humans' outsides feel the benefit of horses' insides, too.
fresh	Think of Arthur Miller/John Huston's The Misfits. Add volcanic scenery and bleak comedy.
fresh	The viewpoint may be unfamiliar, but the sights are unforgettable.
fresh	Benedikt Erlingsson's magnificently rugged-looking film offers darkly comic mishaps that play out over a series of sly vignettes.
fresh	Wonderful.
fresh	Vividly shot, this is a strange and seductive portmanteau of Icelandic tales.
fresh	Affectionate, but scenes of death and horse love may not be for the squeamish.
fresh	On one hand, the film is surely a celebration of a land's distinct creatures and the people who live among them, but on the other, it's a culture's biting auto-critique.
fresh	Erlingsson has delivered an attractive slice of Icelandic oddness that confirms many of the cliches about that country's offbeat outlook, but in a good way.
rotten	The bickering quickly grows tiresome and cancels any emotional investment.
fresh	This is an unusual movie, especially when you look back and realize how usual it seemed going in.
rotten	Helen Hunt tries to soften her image with this vanity project, but the whole affair is a little too on-the-nose to offer big laughs or surprises
fresh	Mom gets her groove back in charming, not-too-edgy drama.
rotten	Helen Hunt goes auteur again in a supposedly hard-hitting character study that ultimately feels more like a shallow vanity project.
fresh	While the subject matter in Ride is a bit rote, the performances and zing-a-minute dialogue keep this low budget picture above water.
rotten	Hunt is past the breakers and alone on her own wave; as a filmmaker, she's lost sight of the shore.
rotten	This is suitably engaging coming-of-middle-age material, but at nearly every turn, Hunt shines in one discipline while leaving much to be desired in another.
rotten	As an instructional movie on the sport, "Ride" offers some useful tips, but beyond that, it feels like a slightly bizarre vanity project.
fresh	Hunt has a long history in comedy, but Ride reveals that she can direct it as well as perform it.
rotten	Occasionally engaging, Ride suffers from being desperate to please, overwrought and overwritten with sitcom-style shenanigans backed up by a goofily chirpy score.
rotten	Here's the thing about playing someone who's tiresome and unpleasant: You run the risk of creating a movie that's tiresome and unpleasant.
rotten	There are good things in it, but Ms. Hunt is smart, observant and bright enough to make films that resonate with more freshness than this. Maybe next time.
rotten	It's hard to miss the irony of Jackie counseling her son over how story endings should feel "surprising but inevitable" in a movie that's all inevitability and no surprise.
rotten	Hunt seems to confuse fast-talking with crackling banter, and the mother-son bond is way ickier than it is cute.
rotten	Technically, most of this proceeds smoothly; on a writing level, it's something of a mess.
fresh	"Ride'' sounds a bit like a Lifetime movie, but in Hunt's capable hands it's a brisk, funny and touching comedy for boomers.
fresh	Sitcom touches to make the movie malleable are unwelcome, but when Hunt works up the courage to avoid the obvious, she delivers welcome pathos.
fresh	There's a wry sweetness to this picture ...
fresh	Anyone sniffing that "Ride" looks like wish fulfillment for women of a certain age would do well to consider how many wretched films we sit through in the name of wish fulfillment for young men; a little equality in entertainment goes a long way.
fresh	If the film wins you over, it's in large part thanks to Hunt, a force to be reckoned with in front of the camera, if less so behind it.
fresh	Ride is at its best and most authentic in its final chapter and an inconclusive resolution, but not so sure-footed in how it gets there.
fresh	Hunt hurls herself headlong into the role of this stubborn, controlling, self-satisfied, intensely judgmental woman, making it all the more gratifying when her veneer of self-possession begins to crack and we begin to warm to her in spite of ourselves.
rotten	Throughout, Helen Hunt obsequiously tends to her character's evolution as a parent through a flagrant indulgence of sitcom-ish scenarios.
fresh	Alternately vulnerable and bizarre, but always endearing, the Saturday Night Live alum enjoys her best outing since Bridesmaids, here, as an anguished soul allowed, against her better judgment, to purchase a terribly-embarrassing, 15 minutes of fame.
rotten	Kristen Wiig dazzles in what may be her best performance to date - and what is certainly her trickiest - but the actress is diminished by how unexpectedly rudderless the film feels.
fresh	...hilariously wacky and touching Welcome to Me, a showcase for what Wiig can do when put front and center.
fresh	It's here that Wiig's wallflower wit finally dovetails with a lead role that has the depth to support it, as the film evolves into an exuberant cross between Synecdoche, New York and Tim and Eric Awesome Show, Great Job!
fresh	Moviegoers might be too busy enjoying themselves to realize that by the time it's over, they don't know much more about Alice's condition than they did beforehand.
rotten	It's the equivalent of tripping someone on crutches and then inviting her over for tea.
fresh	Malicious, hilarious and heartbreaking ... one of the biggest movie surprises of 2015 so far.
rotten	I'm not even sure it can be called a movie; it feels like a setup and a character in search of a story.
fresh	Irreverent but somewhat disturbing look at mental illness.
fresh	"Welcome to Me" basically lives and dies by [Wiig's] performance, and, luckily, her Alice Klieg is a carefully and cunningly crafted creation, which exposes an undercurrent of pain and sorrow beneath her often placid, pixilated state.
rotten	The most recent in a series of Wiig's depressed/repressed roles. No one's asking for a perky rom-com, but please, something different.
fresh	Though some of the jabs "Me" takes at reality TV are clever, the film, like Alice, tends to fracture at key moments. What makes it worth watching is Wiig.
fresh	By turns touching, amusing and genuinely disturbing, it defies expectations and easy categorization, forgoing obvious laughs and cheap emotional payoffs in favor of something much odder and more interesting.
rotten	Has a few funny moments, but much of this dryly squirmy humor is laced with a pall of deep sadness and concern for a protagonist who is clearly psychologically unstable.
fresh	A frolicsome comedy that gives Kristen Wiig a chance to strut her stuff.
rotten	The movie is nothing more than a labored series of skits that play like ideas from rejected TV pilots.
fresh	There are a number of obvious directions Welcome To Me could take this material, and part of what makes it so refreshing, and insightful, is that it takes none of them.
fresh	Diverting but slightly queasy fun.
fresh	There's a super-insane film inside "Welcome to Me," one that, as it happens, takes up about 80 percent of the picture. What's another 20 percent?
rotten	Welcome To Me can't quite figure out what to do with this ludicrous premise.
fresh	"Welcome to Me" is not just a character study, but a satire on how the self-centered emptiness of TV is a kind of epidemic.
rotten	It all plays more like a long, dark TV comedy sketch than an actual movie.
fresh	The movie's messy. But it's funny, pungent, and sometimes affecting.
rotten	Maddeningly indulgent, an "SNL" sketch that goes on and on...
fresh	Funny, dark, and riding a very fine line in its depiction of mental illness, it may be the best thing we could hope would emerge from the side of Wiig that gave us Gilly.
fresh	In the burnt-toast black Sundance comedy, Kristen Wiig goes dark and bipolar without losing her shield of likeability. It's a superpower to be marveled at, like the ability to carry on a long conversation without looking at one's mobile device.
fresh	The film rejects a fawning (or even particularly detailed) account of mental illness in favor of a plunge into the deep end of a bottomless ego.
fresh	The movie's idiosyncratic delights pack a wild metaphorical punch.
fresh	Kristen Wiig may well be the top communicator of dry humor in the movies today.
rotten	"Welcome to Me" plays like an elaborate origin story for one of Wiig's "Saturday Night Live" characters. It's a boldly odd movie, but odd is all it is.
fresh	...it's hard to deny that the actress sporadically delivers a far more raw and naked performance than one has come to expect.
fresh	[Wiig] has one of the balliest acting careers out there.
fresh	Kristen Wiig plays a woman with borderline personality disorder in this startlingly inspired comedy from Shira Piven.
fresh	In "Welcome to Me" we are spoiled by the comedic capabilities of Kristen Wiig, an expert doing what she does best. We wouldn't really want it any other way.
rotten	I would have thrown something at Goliath myself if I thought it would move the story along.
fresh	Horror film succeeds through skill and not surprise
fresh	Successfully scratches that primal itch, with some genuinely tense results. Uncomplicated isn't always a bad thing.
fresh	Is that a black bear outside our tent, or just some creepy dude?
rotten	Backcountry may zig instead of zag from its facile setup, but even the payoff doesn't stand out.
fresh	These types of creature-feature horror movies are a dime a dozen, but writer-director Adam MacDonald proves there's life left in the genre with his tense and terrifying thriller.
rotten	Monotonous and foreseeable with spastic choreography, Backcountry is horrific for all of the wrong reasons.
fresh	"Backcountry" inevitably brings on the bloody, but it finds atmospheric ways to depict how the bucolic hush of a nature getaway can morph into a survival nightmare for the unprepared.
fresh	Exceptionally put together and sharply paced, acquiring a unique level of efficiency for the genre, while reviving man vs. nature formula with a stimulating rush of human vulnerability.
fresh	...an effective horror thriller with fine performances from its little known cast.
fresh	A couple of weekend backpackers face off against man and beast in director Adam MacDonald's accomplished, blunt-force wilderness adventure.
fresh	The alone-in-the-wilderness survival number gets a serious kick in the hindquarters ... MacDonald harvests gooseflesh the old-fashioned way, by suggesting much, showing little.
fresh	It's beautifully tense and well-acted - the kind of modest genre picture we don't see enough of these days.
fresh	Apparently inspired by a true story that the movie made me very much not want to look up, which I suppose may be taken by some to be a token of its effectiveness.
fresh	Just when you thought it was safe to stand up to a bear in the woods, this jarring indie horror drama will make you scurry back indoors.
fresh	This isn't about the bear. [It's] about two people who get in way over their heads in thinking they know nature and each other...
fresh	For most of its 91 tense, uneven minutes, "Backcountry" plays on your nerves like a kid flicking you with a rubber band.
fresh	Backcountry is potent in its moments of sheer animal panic, reminding the viewer that humans, for all our advanced technology and intellectual vanity, are powerless against the faceless cruelty of nature.
fresh	Knowing that the situations depicted in actor and filmmaker Adam MacDonald's Backcountry are based on "true events" only makes them more harrowing to watch unfold onscreen.
fresh	On one hand, this kind of narrative serves to remind us that we haven't totally vanquished the natural world and it retains some of its ancient dangers. But on a deeper level, something more complicated and sinister is going on.
fresh	Concocted with ace precision, worthy of a spectacle of well-earned winces and gasps.
fresh	MacDonald elevates Backcountry by couching what turns out to be a keenly observed relationship drama inside a horror flick.
fresh	Almost traumatically intense. The film continually cranks up the danger, creating a scenario that becomes more and more harrowing with every passing minute. A superb chiller.
fresh	A survivalist drama made all the more scary since it is based on a true story and since the bears are real, not animatronic.
rotten	Backcountry is simply another paranoid cinematic reminder that exiting the beaten path is a course best avoided - or, at least, one that also requires taking some basic, common-sense precautions beforehand.
rotten	After a surprising development, the film grows slack and sentimental, reverting to the survival-movie platitude about hardship making you a better human.
fresh	The vicarious thrills of getting lost in the cinematic wilderness have apparently yet to be exhausted.
fresh	As in Open Water and Black Water, nature is a hulking, roaring reality rather than a CGI imitation, brought into alarming contact with the two human characters via skilled wrangling and clever compositing.
fresh	Backcountry is a blood-soaked campfire treat that confidently hits on nature's unpredictable fury and features a brilliant turn by Missy Peregrym as a bruised, battered and beaten survivalist.
fresh	The story is stuffed with exaggeration, elongation, elaboration, but it's all in the service of making a commonplace circumstance - love - look like it feels when it happens to you, i.e. the very opposite of commonplace.
fresh	Plympton will be cheated if "Cheatin'" doesn't at least get nominated for a best animated feature Oscar.
fresh	The whole range of human emotion - love, lust, anger, jealousy, despair, grief - is felt through Plympton's animation. It's just a shame that his boundless creativity doesn't extend to the narrative.
fresh	By far the best of the four or five of the seven Plympton features that I've seen. What he used to do with faces, he now does with figures, abstracting them to Plastic Man arms and s-curves.
fresh	Perhaps [Plympton's] most ambitious and visually impressive work yet.
fresh	The film is extremely rich in visual inventiveness and depth of feeling -- with numerous sequences that could almost pass muster as individual shorts.
fresh	The visuals are consistently brilliant, Plympton's delving into human nature is unparalleled in recent animation, and the imaginative conceits that spit forth without respite are very near mind-blowing. He's a Rube Goldberg of the psyche.
fresh	Bill Plympton's latest feature-length animation, about a loving couple riven by infidelity, contains some of his loveliest fantasy sequences, though the gap between his visual and storytelling skills persists.
rotten	At times it comes to life, but for the most part it's a bit one-note and repetitive.
fresh	...Cheatin' at least proves that though hand-drawn animation may be one of the oldest forms of the medium, it's plenty lively and colorful when its practitioners care.
fresh	In an earnest bid to balance noir and nutty, neither benefits, in this otherwise anti-Disney fantasy freakout counting super-macho misery and objectified devious damsels in undress popping up. Perhaps revealing more about the filmmaker than anything else.
fresh	"Cheatin'" is a highlight of Plympton's robust body of work because motion-not the journey, or the destination-is always its creator's priority.
fresh	Even at 76 minutes it feels stretched, but Plympton's vivid hand-drawn visuals-one sequence hurls a man through a boxcar, into the sky, underwater, and off a cliff-never lose their electric charge.
fresh	Like every other great animator, from Chuck Jones to Hayao Miyazaki, Mr. Plympton rewrites the laws of physics at will, but within a rigorous and coherent logic. He conjures a world of absolute improbability that, somehow, makes perfect sense.
rotten	Like trying to drink a gallon of chocolate syrup without a milk chaser.
rotten	Cheatin' offers little narrative or emotional advantage over watching a series of the director's more concise works. At 76 minutes, it should play like a short feature. Instead, it's more like an extra-long short.
fresh	Plympton manages to keep it lively with one stunningly kinetic setpiece after another, many of which could easily be airlifted out of the picture to function as stand-alone shorts.
fresh	It's hard to imagine any American studio movie this year that possesses the same liberating creativity found here.
fresh	Brimming with extraordinary heart and imagination.
fresh	If you were a Bill Plympton character, your skull would be riven open by the experience of watching Cheatin', the animator's first feature since '08.
fresh	The plot is pure pulp, inspired in equal parts by the tropes and imagery of film noir, grand opera, and silent melodrama.
fresh	At a time when so many computer-generated features have an increasingly homogenized look, Plympton is a welcome reminder that the art of animation is too protean to be limited to a single visual style, medium or point of view.
rotten	... felt like I was watching a string of loosely connected episodes rather than a feature film.
fresh	Feels fresh and alive, perhaps even more so in an era dominated by smooth, computer-generated cartoons.
fresh	Strife and sexual humor reign in this energetic romp, one of Bill Plympton's best longform animated works.
rotten	The sub-Apocalypse Now existential/colonial angst lacks any form of grounding, despite committed performances from the core cast who engage in much tooth-baring, breast-beating, and shouty soul-searching.
rotten	A glum, ear-splitting rehash of familiar elements from The Hurt Locker and Saving Private Ryan with the slippery aliens as a side dish rather than a great threat.
rotten	There are some inventive moments along the way, but these are interspersed with lots of posturing, yelling and brawling.
fresh	It all makes for a powerful metaphor for the human condition during wartime, executed with remarkable skill, confidence and an astute fantasy feel.
rotten	It's a monstrous misfire.
rotten	One to miss.
rotten	If the idea is to show that war makes monsters of us all, then writer-director Tom Green can't quite seem to bring his film to say it.
rotten	A desert-set men-on-a-mission movie complete with jabbering jihadis, macho hysteria and the occasional extraterrestrial waving its tentacles in the background as if to say: 'Isn't this supposed to be about me?'
fresh	Ambitiously staged and impressively shot, Monsters: Dark Continent makes a bold stab at mounting a franchise but lacks the vision and surprise of its predecessor.
rotten	Suffers from a terrible case of cinematic aphasia. Clearly thinks it's saying something important and deep, but makes no damn sense at all.
rotten	The CGI effects are sensational, teaming with the beautiful, landscape-rich cinematography to create some stunning imagery. It's a shame it feels underutilized with this script full of war cliches and unsympathetic characters.
rotten	Although Edwards is onboard for the new "Monsters: Dark Continent" as an executive producer, the sequel bears no resemblance to his original, thematically or stylistically.
rotten	...the film turns into something along the lines of American Alien-Sniper, but without the endlessly arguable ethical ambiguity.
rotten	Actually has more in common with a film like Jarhead, and that's not a compliment
rotten	Plays like a dorm-room answer to modern war films, complete with the constant profanity and masculine hysterics that pass for impact in an immature script.
rotten	It's taxing to watch, and Green moves between scenes with Malick-inspired ellipses, frustrating momentum.
fresh	Whatever the filmmakers' subtextual intentions may be, the film certainly gets stronger and more compelling as it goes on, thanks in part to intense emoting on the part of its cast.
rotten	There are far better alien movies, war movies, and war/alien movies than Dark Continent, which never hits the marks of its 2010 predecessor.
fresh	This works as a standalone picture with its own distinctive take on alien invasion but also expands what now seem like a franchise with potential to deliver more and varied snapshots of human behaviour in extreme circumstances.
rotten	A crushing disappointment that's more war drama than monster movie, inexplicably distancing its main attractions from the narrative and letting dull, derivative characters spew even duller, more derivative cliches in place of any discernible story.
rotten	A wildly unpleasant and uneven picture, working to diminish the pieces of this cinematic universe, not expand it like a righteous sequel should.
fresh	Very much a film of two halves.
fresh	For all of its differences Green's film at least feels like a spiritual successor to Evans', and providing you make it through the first half (it's a long one), there is still plenty to admire.
rotten	This is just every generic Middle East war movie of the last decade, with occasional monster asides and unearned stabs at PTSD pathos.
rotten	To be fair, there is a fair amount of visual spectacle, the action sequences are quite well mounted, and the last act is admittedly more interesting than what has preceded it, but honestly, by that time I was past caring.
rotten	Plot and character development are ultimately as redundant as the monsters themselves.
rotten	A frustrating, disappointing follow-up to Gareth Edwards' left-field, low-budget game-changer, that's more Battle: Los Angeles than Aliens. And who left the aliens out?
rotten	"Monsters: Dark Continent" is a sour, tedious, and derivative film that doesn't just prove disappointing in its own right, it actively makes us resent the first film retroactively for inspiring it.
rotten	Green apes the kinetic visual style of Kathryn Bigelow and Paul Greengrass when the bullets start to spray, but when those involved are cliche-spouting obnoxious "ooh-rah!" grunts you're never going to care when they get ripped to shreds.
rotten	Not so much a sequel as another stultifying character drama set in a world overrun by aliens ...
rotten	A neo-Hitchcockian turducken of slapdash, would-be intrigue, Private Number is the sort of film that would rather accept all manner of ridicule rather than be accused of being boring.
rotten	The film feels like scenes from different screenplays cobbled together without the rough edges polished off.
rotten	Let it go to voice mail.
fresh	The fundamentally episodic nature of the narrative limits its impact somewhat, but Boorman again finds a spark in a frisky coming-of-age story that tracks the growing pains of an entire nation.
fresh	A wartime comedy of manners, it's a delightfully whimsical portrait of 1952 England, a time and place of class discord that's both uproarious and politically pointed.
rotten	It's not hopeless, but it's surprisingly slack, unfocused work from Boorman, who aims for a scattered tonality that reflects the madness of the moment, but mostly loses his way.
rotten	I wasn't especially amused by the anecdotal plot.
fresh	Once again Boorman has tapped into a particular sort of nostalgia that his audience truly feels, even if the experiences of his characters are nothing like their own.
fresh	The movie is a sweet-natured, easy-going bit of storytelling, and while Bill may be the central character, Queen and Country is really a movie about England. And it's a love letter to a particular time and place
rotten	The actual antics feel as tonally dated as the story, school-boyish shtick that went corny even before M*A*S*H married screwball shenanigans to wartime bleakness.
fresh	The director gets all the period detail exactly right and there are plenty of historical and cultural references that evoke a sense of nostalgia.
fresh	Queen and Country finds exhilarating comedy in places usually reserved for drama, violence, loss.
fresh	In short, [you may realize] how expert presentation can draw you into a world, immerse you in the lives of others, and make you sorry to leave when it's over.
fresh	Boorman is 82; "Queen and Country" is being called his final film in a career that included "Point Blank," "Deliverance" and "Excalibur." If this really is it, congratulations -- and regrets that Bill Rohan didn't appear in a few more movies.
rotten	A little too silly to be taken seriously, yet also too heavy to get all the laughs it very clearly craves, "Queen and Country" at least shows where Boorman's schizoid, if less than wholly satisfying, sense of storytelling comes from.
fresh	It's solid, albeit generic, filmmaking that satisfies mostly in fits and starts. In other words, this time there's less hope and even less glory.
fresh	There's no way around the fact that this is a lesser endeavor than "Hope and Glory," but when it's good, which is often enough, "Queen and Country" glows with a master storyteller's sense of memory.
fresh	A worthy follow-up to a classic.
fresh	[VIDEO ESSAY] Boorman's unfussy approach to his youthful past creates a warm sense of familiarity with the characters he presents, however quirky their motivations may be.
fresh	A welcome, thoroughly enjoyable follow up (to "Hope & Glory'). John Boorman hasn't lost his touch for finding humor and even wonder in the seemingly mundane experiences of life.
fresh	Boorman returns to the classical style of the movies he enjoyed at a young age, again showing his flexibility and commitment to finding a story's ideal tone.
fresh	Charming but mature post-WWII coming-of-age drama.
fresh	Barely passes muster
rotten	Boorman's point of view and on-screen alter ego seemed stylistically in sync in the first film, but "Queen & Country" - though often charming - has a tendency to wander and strain, which might say enough about capturing '50s England.
fresh	It's never going to be more than a footnote to the far superior Hope and Glory, but sometimes, when you're feeling nostalgic it can be fun to dig out the other, less interesting photo album.
fresh	Will John Boorman turn his pair of [personal] films into a trilogy?
fresh	Sturdy, moving, nostalgic in a good way.
fresh	It has taken John Boorman almost three decades to make the sequel to his much-cherished "Hope and Glory," but "Queen and Country" turns out to be well worth the wait.
fresh	To watch "Queen and Country" is to get the impression of a man who has gone through life and actually learned something, which not everyone does.
fresh	Filmmaker Boorman's stroll down memory lane does not bowl us over with rapid-fire hilarity. It soothes us and then melts away unobtrusively.
rotten	Tonally, the movie can't decide whether it's a comedy, a romance, or a wistful wartime madeleine. What it's missing is the sense of joy and wonder of its predecessor.
fresh	I hope Boorman follows through and makes a trilogy.
rotten	Queen and Country reveals itself as a prime example of the stale storytelling and ignorant ideologies audiences waved good riddance to years ago.
fresh	For a movie shaped by the harsher mercies of martial pursuits, it's incredibly light and frequently hilarious.
rotten	Rambling and unfocused but not without its moments, John Boorman's 19th feature film, Queen and Country, represents a very belated sequel to the director's 1987 feature Hope and Glory.
fresh	Queen and Country is the film of an old master (Boorman directed his first feature in 1965) who still has one of the most magical eyes in the business.
fresh	Far from a searing drama yet seldom takes the glib way out.
fresh	The strength of Boorman's film is that it reminds us of what a service comedy is-the spectacle of cogs rising up against their machine.
fresh	It works, but not entirely.
fresh	A direct sequel to 1987's Hope and Glory -- and the best thing that John Boorman has made since.
fresh	Modest but still disarming ...
fresh	Boorman skillfully takes major historical events and filters them through small, personal moments.
fresh	...a light, nostalgic military coming of age story with mournful undercurrents. While the film may feel slight compared to its precursor, Boorman deftly manages shifting tones while preserving post-war memories in a very specific time and place.
fresh	Not as engaging as 'Hope and Glory' but more deceptive in its modesty.
fresh	A deeply personal memoir, so well written and carefully observed that it draws the viewer into the ambience of postwar England with a persuasive power that makes you feel you're part of the same experience.
fresh	For cinephiles who've followed this 82-year-old British filmmaker's long and sometimes eccentric career with interest and admiration, "Queen and Country" will be a sure winner.
fresh	Queen and Country is a truly entertaining flick forged by a master storyteller and the acting is polished, even in the smaller roles.
fresh	A lovely movie, as achingly bittersweet as all nostalgia, marked by surprising moments of commonplace beauty - a brilliant morning sky, a gently burbling Thames - and real rough emotion.
fresh	A perfectly enjoyable service comedy, playing like a defanged British version of M*A*S*H that never actually gets to Korea.
fresh	Sweeping, witty, delightful and charming while brimming with warmth and humanism.
rotten	Boorman's movie oozes fond memories but doesn't quite know how to make them relevant.
fresh	One of a handful of great movies that look at World War II through the eyes of a child, "Hope and Glory" is distinguished by mischievous good humor and by the unashamed acknowledgment that war can be fun as well as horrible.
fresh	A sequel to Hope and Glory set in postwar England that proves to be an impressive coda to English writer/director John Boorman's illustrious career.
rotten	The film lacks an ability to construct significant instances of character drama as symbolic of larger concerns pertaining to nationalist dilemmas.
fresh	While it took 27 years between films, Queen and Country proves to be a lovely counterpoint to Hope and Glory.
fresh	Once more unto the breach for writer-director John Boorman, who revisits the semiautobiographical characters from his superb WWII dramedy Hope and Glory in the beautifully bittersweet Queen and Country.
fresh	entertaining enough, but military hi-jinx and romance are just not nearly as fresh a premise as was his sense-of-wonder-view of World War II through the eyes of a boy.
fresh	Boorman grasps this opportunity in a war movie, to mount an incidental battle of his own internally against a national belief system without a soul - ridiculing a military hierarchy ranging from nasty to nonsensical, and pulled off with malevolent glee.
rotten	With a wildly inconsistent tone, this makes for an emotionally disengaging film that is ultimately rather unfulfilling.
fresh	Queen & Country is hardly reinventing the wheel, but it's charming, evocative and...well-performed...
fresh	Boorman has not lost his skill for deploying actors well.
fresh	Queen and Country is an entertaining and sympathetic guide to a lost world: a rite of passage that Britain was to find it could do without.
fresh	John Boorman's sequel to his masterful 'Hope and Glory' doesn't equal its predecessor, but still offers a vivid snapshot of Army and family life in post-War England.
fresh	Admittedly modest, but the epitome of jolly, this is like the companionable second volume of an autobiography in film form - you'll whip through it in no time, and come out wanting more.
fresh	Queen And Country is a fitting, intimate curtain call on a long and a hugely dynamic and influential film career.
fresh	Once blood starts spurting and the old pros take control of the show, Patino's clever plotting wins viewers over.
rotten	Admirers of small-town gamesmanship when it comes to murder will likely be the most entertained, but even the most patient with Matt Shakman's movie might find their attention wandering away while the film struggles to sustain suspense.
rotten	Quite apart from the equally apparent lack of the Coens's extraordinary visual acuity, Cut Bank comes up short because it simply presumes that guilt and evil already live in town, just waiting for us to arrive and see the show.
rotten	This is one script that no doubt read a lot better than it was ever going to look or sound.
rotten	Deficient in charisma, Hemsworth lacks both the grit and grin that his complicated role demands.
rotten	In this sort of film, plenty of characters hope to get out of their small-time town, while viewers hope to get out of the theater.
rotten	Like many of its brethren, the movie seems to love itself while hating its characters.
rotten	Less 'Fargo Lite' than 'Fargo Flat'...a thoroughly pedestrian stroll through Coen brothers territory.
rotten	Works mainly as a throwback to those off-brand knock-offs that cluttered video store shelves in the mid-'90s. Good news, I guess, if you're nostalgic for Keys to Tulsa, Clay Pigeons or Feeling Minnesota.
fresh	It could have been so much more, and maybe that's its greatest flaw.
fresh	An entertaining but slow-paced thriller about fraud and murder in a small town.
rotten	Just a generic exercise in pulp fiction.
fresh	Cut Bank has a clever premise and a cast that works hard to make it worthwhile to stick with the film through the clunky parts.
rotten	While there's some undeniably inherent joy in just seeing some of these great actors play off each other, the sum here is a shockingly dull affair, almost made more disappointing by the talent it wastes.
rotten	Shakman is clearly going for a dark and bloody Fargo-style crime thriller, but the biggest crime in the film is just how derivative it all feels.
rotten	Predictable thriller has lots of violence, some swearing.
rotten	Patino's flights of high-flown language are both tasty and distracting; Dern, in ultra-crusty mode, makes the most of a crucial tirade. If only anything felt at stake in this story's dark spiral.
fresh	While the scaffolding of the films feel half-finished, great actors can make material much worse than this still worth watching. And while that might sound like faint praise, it's better than no praise at all.
rotten	The central problem with "Cut Bank" is a screenplay by Roberto Patino that never achieves comic liftoff despite an abundance of facetious humor.
rotten	Violent and on-the-edge of funny, "Fargo Lite," right up to the end, where the wheels come off.
fresh	This Bizarro-universe Coen brothers mash-up has the decency to be sporadically fun, even when it isn't especially original or steady.
rotten	[John Malkovich's] performance reminds us that good acting transcends mediocre material.
fresh	Without his usual tics, Malkovich is a wonder, quietly transforming an unassuming town fixture into Cut Bank's conscience.
rotten	Clever enough to provoke a few abrupt laughs along the way, this big screen debut for two television stalwarts... is sabotaged by some frightfully on-the-nose expository dialogue and an adamantly prosaic visual style.
rotten	It's difficult to discern if the missteps here were inherent in Roberto Patino's script (which made the 2009 Black List) or arise from less-than-ideal execution of the material.
fresh	Cut Bank is an entertaining enough movie with a good cast who mostly perform well. It just isn't the groundbreaking genre-buster its makers apparently think it is.
fresh	Cut Bank is well told with a different twist.
rotten	If the film is meant only as a pulpy genre exercise, Matt Shakman's competence in various modes actually works to strip it of any sense of coherent vision.
rotten	While Cut Bank has its clever moments, funny running gags, and a few shocking death scenes, it's just too expository and derivative; what's more, it takes itself far too seriously.
fresh	Generic yet entertaining...
rotten	A pile of knockoff flourishes which adds up to to a lot of manure in the fields of Montana.
rotten	If it be fated that every state eventually gets a Fargo knockoff to call its own, Montana will be disappointed that there's turned out to be as bloodless as Cut Bank.
rotten	"Cut Bank" fades into the background while its veteran actors look for ways to keep interested.
fresh	It leaves behind a nagging feeling, a suggestion there's more to the story than its story.
fresh	Despite a slow start and jarring narration, "3 Hearts" entertains with its melodramatic amour fou.
rotten	A tasteful, mildly intriguing romantic drama from writer-director Benoit Jacquot.
rotten	The premise is ripe for potent melodrama, but director Jacquot (who gets co-screenwriting credit) ultimately doesn't finesse the situation.
fresh	3 Hearts" brings together an all-star team of French actresses in a movie about a love triangle that could not be more French unless everyone smoked more.
fresh	A French romantic drama directed as though it were a thriller.
fresh	Deneuve presides over everything as the regal head of the family and national treasure of her country. She's reserved, acting more with her eyes, taking everything in.
rotten	If your plot can be resolved by having the characters share a bottle of wine and say, "You know, funny story..." there had better be a damn good reason why that conversation isn't happening.
fresh	...well-paced...outstanding acting...exceptional cinematography. This is one movie that ends when it should...leaving one thinking.
fresh	The overwrought plot mechanics are exasperating, but the lead actresses' exquisitely modulated performances get under the skin.
fresh	A chance encounter, a missed rendezvous, a marriage and a torrid affair make for an intoxicating mix.
rotten	A few plunging camera moves and careful framings, and the appealing presence of skillful actors, don't compensate for the lazy lack of psychological or symbolic imagination.
fresh	A romantic drama with the sensibility of a thriller, Benoit Jacquot's 3 Hearts is a good example of how a talented director and cast can elevate the most tired of concepts.
fresh	Aside from the lead actresses' performances, what drives the movie is energetic, elliptical storytelling and humorous asides.
rotten	The screenplay relies on so many mechanical contrivances to make the story gripping that you can hear the rusty machinery clanking.
rotten	3 Hearts just doesn't make sense-either as story or career move.
fresh	Throughout, Benoit Jacquot never loses sight of the primordial compulsions that drive feelings and expressions of great love and beauty.
fresh	Charged by dynamite performances and Bruni Coulais's ominous score, this romantic tragedy is more gripping than most thrillers.
fresh	[Mastroianni and Gainsbourg] make for believable sisters who clearly adore each other.
fresh	Jacquot makes it much more compelling to watch his characters fall in love than it is to see them writhe and twist amid its complications.
fresh	Gainsbourg - intuitive, wispily evanescent but strong - is the movie's pulsating impulse, even off-screen.
rotten	The maddening melodrama, 3 Hearts, beggars belief with the amount of combined coincidence, contrivance, and character idiocy required to keep the plot from collapsing.
fresh	A well-acted French film about the seventh sense of heart intelligence
fresh	A romance that leaves all principals heartbroken, as we in the audience will be as well.
fresh	The story line speeds by, with jumps in time and priorities, if not logic.
fresh	Those willing to invest in the lives of these characters, even if the framework around them directly and without apology guides them toward inevitable tragedy, they will experience a drama of deep, genuine feeling.
rotten	The overwrought script strains to be hip and clever and instead winds up smug and exhausting.
rotten	A tale of mistaken killers and coincidence becomes tediously tangled in Kriv Stenders's Kill Me Three Times, a suicidal experiment with narrative.
rotten	This film is full of missed opportunities, regrets, and bad decisions, and I'm not just talking about the characters in this half-cocked story.
fresh	Despite the derivative nature of the film, there are still things to enjoy.
rotten	Just standard-issue creeps going through their various nefarious motions, wasting a host of good actors in the process.
rotten	Kriv Stenders has assembled a talented cast, all of whom make for engaging scenes, taken one at a time; sadly, screenwriter James McFarland has given them a plot so joylessly convoluted that they're left floundering.
rotten	Everything you need to know about the atrocious Australian crime thriller "Kill Me Times" can be summed up in a guitar riff.
rotten	How do you cast Simon Pegg in a movie and then do virtually nothing with him?
rotten	All participants could have gotten up to something far more enjoyable.
rotten	"Kill Me Three Times" has the right idea, but it's missing some crucial levels of escalation, often caught playing cute when it should be downright evil.
rotten	Not a great film. Or particularly good. In fact, it's fairly bad as B-movies go.
rotten	The director, Kriv Stenders, arranges bodies in spaces without distinction, but he does show a curious fondness for shots of moving cars. It's an image he returns to so many times that you wonder if he was as eager to get out of here as you are.
rotten	It's got a terrific cast and a quirky sensibility to it, but there's something that feels like a misfire. The movie tries to straddle the line between R-rated violent crime thriller and dark comedy, and as such, doesn't quite succeed at either.
rotten	"Kill Me Three Times" works overtime to seem unique and clever. The result, however, is a derivative, gimmicky, at times dizzying puzzle that fails to engage.
rotten	Pegg's a pleasure, but elsewhere "Kill Me Three Times" is never as clever as it wants to be.
rotten	An Australian crime yarn with a solid cast and tone, but not enough freshness - or enough of Pegg's waggishness - to be memorable.
fresh	"Kill Me Three Times" is a true ensemble film that gives all of its many characters equal shrift in a comic book way, with Simon Pegg's Charlie the glue that binds the stories.
rotten	...despite an interestingly assembled cast and the unique location of Eagles Nest, Australia, Stenders' film is akin to watching someone move chess pieces around a board.
rotten	The film isn't enough fun to recommend on its own terms, with its sloppy construction and so little in the way of stylistic flourishes.
rotten	This Australian movie reminds you what can happen when directors pretend to be Quentin Tarantino, complete with snark masquerading as style, slippery timelines, blood and guts and guns everywhere.
rotten	In his latest film, Kill Me Three Times, Pegg plays hitman Charlie Wolfe, a character who's neither menacing nor mercurial; he's just boring -- and that's a crime.
rotten	If anything this is a sad drama about [Simon Pegg] struggling to fun up a Tarantino knockoff that's arrived 20 years too late.
rotten	The story line moves ahead, backward and sideways in three separate chapters that generally set up enough surprises to give viewers, and the characters, banana-peel concussions.
rotten	Although "Kill Me Three Times" includes a few murders, it does nothing to justify its title. Mostly, it just shoots itself in the foot, over and over.
rotten	It's nice to see Pegg stretch a little and play the bad guy. Too bad "Kill Me Three Times" doesn't give him better material.
rotten	Kill Me Three Times had the potential to be better, [but] it never once makes good on that promise.
rotten	It's too listless to even qualify as a proper Tarantino knockoff, and each faux-retro strum on the soundtrack starts to feel like a burden.
rotten	Taped onto VHS, Kill Me Three Times could pass for a forgotten Pulp Fiction knockoff
rotten	Kriv Stenders's film is unashamed to resurrect the laziest tropes of the Tarantino rip-offs that once clogged the shelves of every Blockbuster in the land.
rotten	Although it picks up a bit of steam in the third act, the film will feel like a waste of time much earlier in the runtime.
rotten	The film fails to engage the audience in the action onscreen, and [its] laughs aren't jolly enough to compensate.
rotten	Neither particularly funny nor especially clever, Kill Me Three Times is mostly just nasty.
rotten	This is the kind of flick that you can catch on Netflix and maybe find a few moments to entertain yourself, but nothing more.
fresh	Amusing, a bit on-the-nose and self-consciously clever, but it never outsmarts itself
rotten	The affectionate humanism that typically laces Simon Pegg's postmodern self-awareness is missing from Kriv Stenders's film.
rotten	A circle of lowlifes gradually kill one another off to no great effect in the dull and woebegone comic noir Kill Me Three Times.
fresh	It doesn't play things overly grim or dark or act like this is about something deeper. It's a game, and a well-played one.
rotten	One feels that Stenders tried to create an Australian version of a Quentin Tarantino film while forgetting to add the snappy dialogue or the colourful characters.
rotten	Feels like poser noir all the way, never achieving the darkly comic flair or freshness of style needed to sell its fatalistic twists.
rotten	From the electric guitar on the soundtrack to the predictable duplicitous nature of practically every single character, "Kill Me Three Times" kills all the fun by the time you reach the halfway point.
rotten	Maybe if McFarland, or director Kriv Stenders had tried to make Kill Me Three Times half as interesting as King cast it, you wouldn't watch it feeling bored, bored, bored the whole time.
rotten	Squanders a talented cast, sharp visuals and spectacular locations on a grisly trail of mayhem that rarely yields much mirth.
rotten	Cue 90 minutes of dutiful twisting and turning, crossing and bloody double-crossing, but not one moment of actual surprise.
rotten	An Aussie crime caper that's full of familiar faces plays a familiar humdrum tune. And also an atrocious score.
fresh	This slapdash but endearing doc about the rise, fall and resurrection of '80s pop outfit Spandau Ballet is an inside job, packed with strong archive footage yet lacking anything you'd call truly incisive.
fresh	Standard issue band history doc, but it smartly finds depth in a particularly shallow era in pop.
rotten	The band wasn't that great. Neither is the movie, which, if directed with a bit more sensitivity toward the latent comedy, could have been hilarious.
rotten	You won't be convinced that Spandau Ballet was the best band of the 1980s. Even if they did have the best bums.
fresh	It helps to be a Spandau fan, of course, but the smart, layered contextualizing and historicizing of the group within the film makes it a gift for any pop-culture aficionado.
fresh	The advantage to Hencken's approach is that it makes Soul Boys Of The Western World play like a movie version of a printed oral history.
fresh	[Soul Boys] does a fantastic job explaining the youth movement that birthed the New Romantic genre.
rotten	A heady recap of Spandau Ballet's rise that becomes less insightful in tracking the group's demise and eventual comeback.
fresh	An absorbing and insightful delve into how the band defined the post-punk -- and consciously flamboyant UK -- music scene and went on to be an international phenomenon.
fresh	TV-style and desperately in need of cutting, "Soul Boys" does convincingly position its subjects as key trendsetters, and their most memorable tunes continue to be enjoyable.
fresh	[Hencken] makes a very persuasive case for Spandau Ballet's place in the Britpop pantheon.
fresh	This trawl through the band's history has enough guile and guts to keep you watching.
fresh	The salad days thrill; after the rush has gone, the comedown is surprisingly moving.
fresh	Only deep-seated musical snobbery would hinder enjoyment of this definitive, authorised, fastidious,and perhaps overlong telling of the Spandau Ballet story ...
rotten	Fans of the band will undoubtedly love the package, which puts the group front and centre.
fresh	A funny, absorbing, trivia-filled portrait of friendship, the '80s music biz and bad hair.
fresh	Mr. Nossiter's main point is that traditional farming methods have become revolutionary in a country that, we're told, has grown progressively less agrarian. Mr. Nossiter champions that activism in this mellow, unfocused film.
rotten	Serena reaches its risible zenith when George confronts a Carolina panther. No, it's not Cam Newton, but such an illogical cameo wouldn't have made the movie any more of a mess.
rotten	Would be a slog no matter who the actors are.
rotten	Absolutely nothing works. No one seems to understand the place or the people. And the only thing gleaned from the lumber industry is that you can build an entire movie from performances made of wood.
rotten	If the worst you can say about a movie is that it's not very involving, that's hardly a disaster.
rotten	Violent, mature Depression drama wastes strong cast.
rotten	Stilted and strange, Serena probably looked great on paper. It also probably should have stayed there.
rotten	A Ron Rash novel praised as 'nightmarish' becomes the stuff of middlebrow melodrama in this lushly atmospheric but surprisingly calcified tale of greed, lust, murder, fire, trained eagles, wild panthers, ax wounds and incipient environmentalism.
rotten	One of Hollywood's hottest screen couples lumbers through a lumbering lumber epic that saws only zzz's.
rotten	'Serena' may be an overwrought and sometimes jumbled melodrama, but it's also a visual treat.
rotten	Despite their collaborations together, Cooper and Lawrence manage to have next to no chemistry.
fresh	This is a winner, an atmospheric thriller with terrific performances and outstanding production values.
rotten	Thankfully for Cooper, Lawrence and even Bier, their reputations will outlast Serena's legacy -- because no one will see it.
rotten	Winds up sawing logs...instead of locating hard truths of the human condition, Serena lumbers through the motions.
rotten	In other words, a lot of people realized they had an epic clunker on their hands.
rotten	Given these unpromising circumstances, I was expecting something truly awful, and perhaps that might have been more fun to watch than this lugubrious period piece. The production values and the costumes are the true stars.
rotten	...a period story of unwed motherhood, barrenness, betrayal and murder whose animal symbolism (an eagle, a rattlesnake and a panther) is more fleshed out than its characters.
rotten	Cooper is game but not fierce or conflicted enough; Lawrence doesn't get deep enough to pull anyone along on her spiral into madness.
rotten	A flat-out disaster, the kind of film that its cast and crew hope gets buried as quickly as possible as they race to move on to other projects.
rotten	What is probably the largest issue is that in trying to create an intense period drama, these collaborators succeeded instead in making melodrama.
rotten	[B]ehind the lethargic momentum and lackadaisical performances, we can almost hear [the material] crying out for someone involved to put some gusto into it.
rotten	The actors don't just look uncomfortable in their period duds, they also look uneasy in their own skins, which is a feat for two such natural, physically confident screen performers.
rotten	Serena is soon to wind up on someone's list of "worst book-to-movie adaptations." Count on it.
fresh	The performers are as beautiful to look at here as they are intriguing to watch.
rotten	Based on hackneyed plot complications, Serena devolves into a Lady Macbeth of the mountains ... as the film moves toward a too predictable ending.
rotten	It's reassuring, really, to be reminded that top-tier Hollywood stars can make lousy choices just like the rest of us.
rotten	What were Bradley Cooper and Jennifer Lawrence thinking? Seriously?
fresh	Funny how there are fans of Jennifer Lawrence who will never see her in "Serena." It's not her best film, but it contains one of her best performances, in a role that challenges her more than any other.
rotten	Beating a dead horse barely begins to describe the task of writing about "Serena"; it's more like playing coroner.
rotten	This here is a violent Southern soap with delusions of respectability, and it's a pity it tried to put on such fancy airs.
rotten	A more boring and less transcendent knockoff of "There Will Be Blood."
rotten	A hot leading couple, illegitimacy, a vengeful heroine, great period costumes... Why did Serena turn out so bad?
fresh	Lawrence is the hottest actress in Hollywood and she and Cooper share six Oscar nominations, and one win, between them. But "Serena" uses muscles the costars of "Silver Linings Playbook" and "American Hustle" stars don't often get to flex.
fresh	Densely packed and gorgeously expressionist, the old-fashioned tragedy is very nearly a satisfying experience despite its various shortcomings.
rotten	Although the film got stuck in editing limbo for two years, no amount of cutting could rid the project of a diseased premise. Nor is it erotic or violent enough to be an effective critique of human nature.
rotten	A major misfire...inert, stodgy and unconvincing, utterly failing to capture the chemistry that Cooper and Lawrence achieved in their work with David O. Russell.
rotten	It's painful to watch all that talent get wasted.
rotten	Left for dead since 2012, Serena would better serve its stars by burial, not resurrection.
rotten	Takes all the excitement out of murder, deception and sponge baths.
rotten	There's simply not that much to see in the performances.
rotten	"Serena" fails, but it's most certainly a noble failure.
rotten	Dropped into the Depression-era North Carolina timber business, [Bradley Cooper and Jennifer Lawrence] must wrestle with declarative dialogue that no actor could make sound natural.
rotten	Into each life some rain eventually falls, and in a bomb called Serena, golden couple Bradley Cooper and Jennifer Lawrence, united for the third time onscreen, arrive soaking wet.
rotten	By making Serena ornamental, Bier diminishes her power, and Lawrence plays her as a petulant Lady Macbeth wannabe. Worse is Bradley Cooper, whose Pemberton comes off like an entitled scion, not a clear-cut timber king.
rotten	The film is haunted by a sense that something was overlooked in translation from the book.
fresh	Chock-full of melodrama and outrageous contrivances, there's no way to call Serena good, but it's one fascinating hot mess that's entertainingly trashy.
rotten	Flat. Dull. Why was this made again?
rotten	Both actors, gracefully dressed and lightly anguished, draw deep on their professional aplomb in a bid to keep a straight face; the credible, bulked-up pain that Cooper brought to "American Sniper" seems a world away.
rotten	The film can't reconcile Ron Rash's apocalyptic tenderness with its own eagerness to revel in romantic star allure.
rotten	It's puzzling to consider what went wrong with Serena, a film that on paper should have been great or at least tolerably amusing. (It is neither).
rotten	Filmed in 2012 and finally limping into theaters like a glamorous zombie, the movie has star wattage but zero emotional voltage.
rotten	The biggest problem is that it's all bones and no flesh, so busy combining all the structural elements that go into an award-winner that it has no personality of its own.
rotten	Serena is inconsequential, stilted, and likely being shoved out right now on streaming services due to Cooper and Lawrence starring in the two highest domestic grossing films of 2014.
rotten	Ah, well. All the best actors eventually get their Ishtar, right?
rotten	The choppily edited and thoroughly wooden "Serena'' fails to catch fire, even when everything literally goes up in flames. Basically, it's "Cold Mountain" without Renee Zellweger.
rotten	Like the title character, Serena eventually sheds its beautiful wrapping and reveals a twisted horror underneath, and the transformation is utterly ludicrous.
rotten	It emerges as a study in obsession that rarely engages our interest. It seems to have been a massive miscalculation, though it's worth seeing for Lawrence's confident performance as a bottle-blonde harpy, if for nothing else.
rotten	A Southern Gothic wilderness weepie with proletarian occult leanings, a masculinzed femme fatale selfie, workingclass wallpaper, and weirdly anachronistic back to future ecological activism. While filming in a Czech forest, to access cheap nonunion labor.
rotten	By the end, we barely like anyone in this smoky landscape, let alone care about what happens to them.
rotten	One of those movies that proves that the mere presence of all the right ingredients does not a happy meal make. It's all in the mixing.
fresh	The cinematic equivalent of a trashy airport novel.
rotten	A Depression-era potboiler starring Bradley Cooper and Jennifer Lawrence that never manages to get past the feeling of a calculated Hollywood reunion.
rotten	Some novels just shouldn't be adapted for film. Nobody sets out to make a bad movie. These two truisms come to mind in the wake of Serena.
fresh	If this is not a perfect film it's an unusually haunting one. The peculiar dramatic rhythms reflect the violence-in-tranquility of the logging business itself, with lulls allowing the shocking moments to cut all the deeper.
rotten	SERENA has entertainment value, just not likely in the way the filmmakers hoped. It's a fun film, but I don't know that I'd say it's a good one.
rotten	With limp plotting and lax performances from Bradley Cooper and Jennifer Lawrence, the long-delayed Serena is a flat period romance that should quickly be forgotten.
rotten	ON paper, Serena looks like it should be great - what could possibly go wrong? The answer is "the script".
rotten	Greed and jealousy are the key elements of this dramatic misfire from Suzanne Bier in which even the power (re)pairing of Bradley Cooper and Jennifer Lawrence fails to ignite our interest.
rotten	How could reteaming Jennifer Lawrence and Bradley Cooper go wrong? In a word - Serena.
rotten	Log off.
fresh	Susanne Bier has delivered a sumptuous costume drama fronted by two talented leads who gamely throw themselves head first into a delightfully preposterous plot.
fresh	Lawrence plays her role like a virtuoso violinist; sweeping, soaring and cracking with elegiac grace.
fresh	Something appears to have gone badly wrong with Suzanne Bier's adaptation of Ron Rash's acclaimed novel of love and corruption in the South Carolina of the late 1920s.
fresh	There are enough flashes of the film it might have been to make it worth watching.
rotten	Though she doesn't sparkle much in the X-Men films, this is Lawrence's first genuinely poor performance. Not to worry. Nobody is likely to see the thing.
fresh	Serena is an undoubtedly handsome production with some beautiful cinematography from Morten Soborg.
rotten	This is a dark and primal story about love, jealousy and greed. Its problem is that the Oscar-winning director Susanne Bier doesn't know what to do with her two incongruously glamorous stars.
rotten	This logging drama is as turgid as the mud that surrounds the forest camp in 1930s North Carolina, despite the fragrant presence of Lawrence as the newlywed Serena in swell silk gowns and jodhpurs.
rotten	A very average misfire.
fresh	The film crumples with a shower of sparks into a forest fire of melodramatic absurdity, with all kinds of violent lurches and plot entanglements. But not before Lawrence has given us a performance of fierce, bladed intensity.
rotten	Like its heroine's ambitions, all it amounts to is dead wood.
rotten	A good-looking but flat period piece whose neutered telling renders its nutty narrative increasingly hard to believe and harder to care about.
rotten	Handsome production values notwithstanding, Bier's drama is all bark and largely trite.
rotten	What starts out as solid romantic melodrama - almost Golden Age of Hollywood stuff - gets so crazy so fast in so many ways.
rotten	We don't invest anything in either character, and with barely any tension, 'Serena' grabs neither head nor heart.
rotten	It is so convoluted, so bogged down by its own sense of worth, that it simply collapses under its own weight.
rotten	Commercially it looks a disaster. Artistically, if very far from a triumph, it's interesting, almost held together by its charismatic stars.
rotten	Considering the two leading roles belong to a pair of actors who share such an inherent, palpable chemistry, it's not something we truly get a sense for this in this particular endeavour.
fresh	The film is rather watchable, defined by impressive performances, striking production design and lustrous cinematography.
rotten	"Serena" isn't bad enough to be some kind of potential cult classic: it's tedious, with even the stranger moments and plot developments failing to raise the pulse.
rotten	Serena only has one key flaw: it is difficult to believe a single word of it, still less to care about these relentlessly selfish and short-sighted characters.
fresh	Bier is digging hard for something deep and yet, at the point when you should be reaching for the hankie, it's only because of so much sweaty desperation.
rotten	This is a film full of unremarkable compromises - the kind that result in a bland film rather than a bad one.
fresh	Bier's Danish-language work, usually structurally and emotionally cohesive to a fault, has rarely been this compellingly untidy.
rotten	The tone is wildly uneven and the concept ultimately feels strained at feature length.
fresh	Ryan Reynolds shines in Marjane Satrapi's surreal portrait of an American psycho.
rotten	"The Voices" has a lot going for it, but, sadly, its blend of terror and farce strikes a disingenuous chord.
fresh	A darkly funny, disarmingly weird horror-comedy.
fresh	By playing with storytelling rules, almost to the point of madness, Satrapi has elicited sympathy for the devil.
rotten	A chipper woman-hating comedy about a serial killer... that wants us to feel sorry for him? This is disgusting, repulsive, and enraging.
rotten	Swerving between pink-hued small-town satire and visceral gore, The Voices aims for the ghoulish humour of Eating Raoul or Parents - and, for the most part, misses.
fresh	The unusual mix of laughs, lunacy and a touch of melancholy ensures The Voices will stick in your head.
rotten	It's wretchedly unfunny and tonally erratic, the striking production design notwithstanding.
fresh	The film is gory, odd (with its scenes of talking animals and severed heads in fridges), horribly uneven but intermittently very funny in its own tasteless, grand-guignol fashion.
rotten	The Voices doesn't work as a comedy because it isn't funny, and it doesn't work as a thriller because it's not suspenseful, and it doesn't work as an exploration of schizophrenia, if that is what this is meant to be about, as it's not insightful.
rotten	It is an overwhelmingly dislikable film, an intensely unfunny and unscary horror-comedy about a serial killer played by Ryan Reynolds on his most irritating form.
fresh	Full-force performance form Ryan Reynolds but not as funny as it hopes it is.
fresh	At least Reynolds looks like a man finding his way to take risks once more.
fresh	Reynolds has never been more charming or spine-chilling - often simultaneously - in what is a genuinely multifaceted tragicomic performance.
rotten	Its grisly parts lack any actual suspense, digressions towards serious pathos are embarrassing, and the parts it plays for tongue-in-cheek irony lack any actual wit.
fresh	Satrapi's bold, bright and entertaining creation is laced with a pitch-black, sometimes truly sick sense of humour; it's wrong on many levels but that's also what makes it so right.
fresh	Utterly bonkers, this movie confounds any attempt to categorise it, blending comedy, romance, horror and drama to become a true one-off...
fresh	The film is simultaneously horribly gory, terrifically funny and terribly sad; a combination which could be confusing in any other hands than Satrapi's.
fresh	Think of this stylish, quirky and quite grisly feature from Marjane Satrapi as a meeting of Psycho, Dexter and Dr. Doolittle.
fresh	The movie has to be taken at face value: As a wacky and unsettling jaunt into sheer madness.
rotten	Once it's decided that anything might be unreal, there are so many more places the narrative might have gone.
fresh	Casting Ryan Reynolds as a small-town geek who has trouble getting a date may seem as pointless as taking a loving cup to a Leafs game, but the bright-eyed Canadian star makes this dark, dark comedy twinkle with offbeat appeal.
fresh	The Voices has its share of shocks, but the greatest of all may be the combination of star and director.
fresh	A deeply warped, darkly funny and thoroughly depraved horror comedy. Ryan Reynolds gives one of his best performances.
fresh	The film presents an askew world that blends bright kitsch and a pop sensibility with the main character's dark inner life. Ryan Reynolds pulls off the challenge.
fresh	Like Satrapi's other films,The Voices is stylish, striking, and lively.
rotten	It's the most likable Ryan Reynolds has been in a film in, well, forever, basically. He's not necessarily good, mind you.
fresh	A picture that shows rare bravery when confronted with ugliness, preferring to march forward into bleakness with a demented sense of humor and attention to detail.
fresh	[Ryan] Reynolds holds it all together with a fine performance, showing vulnerability, awkwardness, and a descent into madness that makes The Voices fascinating to watch.
fresh	Satrapi's visual touches, like the pink of the warehouse and Jerry's bowling alley home (with its alternate fantasy-reality decorating), are both funny and melancholy.
fresh	It's a delicate balance making us care about a deranged killer, but Reynolds succeeds with his warm-hearted, anxious performance.
rotten	This Ryan Reynolds-headlined indie strikes an uneasy balance between bloody mayhem and mirth.
rotten	The film is mostly a mess, albeit an occasionally endearing one.
fresh	I've always liked Reynolds for the most part, but he does his best work yet here in Satrapi's odd, pitch-black comedy about a man who talks to his dog and cat. And they talk back.
fresh	By the time we get to the closing singalong (with Jesus!), you'll be left wondering if [director] Satrapi's the one who's been taking Jerry's meds....a true cult item in the making.
fresh	The Voices is a dark comedy, emphasis more on dark than comedy, and it goes there. It maintains a creepy tone throughout but it's sensitive to Jerry too.
fresh	Appealing to look at, grotesque to bite into, and absolutely genius.
rotten	The big question here is why any of "The Voices," as crisply made and stylish as it is, should matter or entertain. The cold truth is that it doesn't.
rotten	Grisly but not especially suspenseful, tongue-in-cheek without any real wit, "The Voices" aims to hit the intersection of horror and comedy but tumbles into an uncanny valley of tedious creepiness.
fresh	Thirty years ago, during the height of the VHS boom, a movie like The Voices would be considered an envelope-pushing, clever cult classic
fresh	Simultaneously bizarre, humorous, disturbing and suspenseful.
rotten	Like most slasher lampoons, The Voices tries to be as bloody and creepy as flicks that take psycho-killing more seriously. This is a major waste of time in a movie that's about a half-hour longer than its setup justifies.
rotten	A few big stars working in a minor key, a bit of macabre indie-film quirk, and presto! Instant junk.
fresh	A flawed but amusing dark comedy that plays like a delightfully strange mix between Doctor Dolittle and American Psycho.
fresh	A genre-blending exploration of mental illness and murder, every one of its facets, from theme to tone to imagination, ratcheted up to the nth degree.
fresh	Satrapi's powers of invention keep you watching; so does Reynolds's remarkable range, from crybaby to butcher to dazzling song-and-dance man.
rotten	The Voices wants it all ways at once, and while its severe shifts in tone are certainly bold (and intentional), they also prevent the film from properly functioning under any genre umbrella.
fresh	Like it or not, The Voices aligns us with a murderer.
fresh	Ryan Reynolds is chillingly perfect as a nice-guy factory worker struggling with schizophrenia and murderous impulses in this tonally wild indie, which is nearly too horrifying to be funny - but not quite.
fresh	Fanciful, sweetly unbalanced and just right for the part, Mr. Reynolds gives his best performance in years.
fresh	When [Ryan Reynolds' Jerry] hacks people into crimson mush we don't get glory shots of the gore. It's just not that kind of midnight movie.
fresh	A colorful, fast-moving genre-blender, comedy and psychological thriller, workable thanks to Ryan Reynolds' nice-guy demeanor.
rotten	For most of the film's running time, one mistakes the main character's callousness for the filmmakers'.
fresh	Ryan Reynolds finally flourishes in a twisted turn ... His comic chops on full display, he chews the well-designed, color-coordinated scenery.
fresh	A seriously quirky piece of work...
fresh	The Voices is a silly, schizoid film, but for some it may be profound, reveling in its collision of ideas and tone.
fresh	The Voices is a complete and utter mess - that said, I'm glad that it exists. It would take a stickler to begrudge the world of cinema something this odd
fresh	It's a genuine delight.
fresh	This is a gripping look at mental illness as filtered through some extreme stylization.
rotten	The pic's tone is all over the place, from the bright red razor slash that underscores its opening titles to the "Amelie"-esque flights of fancy along the way.
rotten	The cast (including Reynolds) is terrific, and the direction is occasionally inspired, but in the end THE VOICES is far too morbid to work as a comedy.
fresh	Normally homicide and hilarity do not mix especially well, but The Voices...manages to do exactly that in a way where both the tension and the grisly laughs are in perfect synch.
fresh	The film's ability to go back and forth between absurdity and actual creepiness is also at least somewhat tied to Reynolds' performance, which has an air of menace mixed with its comedic simpleness.
fresh	A loopy, ghastly, funny, morbid and unforgettable 100 minutes
fresh	The bolts are loose, the belts won't fasten and Satrapi's disreputable little creepshow finally doesn't amount to a hill of beans. Maybe that's fine.
fresh	Even with the talking cat, this movie is a lot more realistic than 'Silver Linings Playbook.'
fresh	A risky mix of tones pays off in The Voices, one of the more playful, compassionate portrayals of a serial killer you're likely to see.
fresh	A wild, occasionally hilarious genre crossbreed that features a terrific performance from Ryan Reynolds.
rotten	A portrait of the Washington, D.C. punk-rock scene that's awash in affection but light on critical context.
fresh	An enlightening documentary ...
fresh	Scott Crawford's propulsive, decade-spanning chronicle of hardcore is marked by the same traits that typified the bands themselves: It's brainy, loud and tinged with a hint of insider preciousness
fresh	Fans will find the documentary's fast-paced but detail-oriented progress satisfying.
fresh	Anyone with a zest for dance will find plenty of interest here.
fresh	For arts, music and dance aficionados, "Ballet 422" is a documentary that will speak (and perhaps sing) to them.
fresh	It's filled with delicious moments, particularly for dance fans ...
rotten	The fly [on the wall] is very good at getting access...but rather less good at giving context.
fresh	Ballet 422 lacks the traditional hallmarks of most standard documentary films, eschewing talking head interviews and recurring streams of title cards crafted to hand-hold the audience through learning, and that's what makes it such a gem.
fresh	There are very few truly unguarded moments in "Ballet 422," despite its verite style, but it remains a fascinating pullback of a rarely penetrated curtain.
fresh	There are few titles and no interviews or narration. Entire scenes go by without anyone speaking. Instead, Ballet 422 is a very intimate look at the process.
fresh	For fans of dance, "Ballet 422" will produce plenty of pleasures. But as with great ballet, great movies always benefit from a little drama.
fresh	Lipes' verite camera work is first rate, but his abilities as a storyteller are virtually non-existent.
fresh	What makes Jody Lee Lipes documentary so interesting - even transfixing at times - is the fact that nothing is editorialized or explained. There are no interviews or voice-overs.
fresh	...viewing this film is like being a privileged fly on the wall who has been given access to the working processes of one of the world's greatest ballet companies.
fresh	A perfect match of form and substance ...
fresh	At its core, "Ballet 422" addresses a universal theme: The importance of having a dream, and the courage and dedication to make it come true.
rotten	Aside from the time constraint, there isn't much tension here, or much insight into the creative process.
fresh	...offers many insights into what goes on behind the scenes, but it presents an environment with minimal conflict and a ballet seen in sketches.
fresh	The result is a graceful sketch pad of a movie about how the strenuousness of creating art can sometimes yield riches that look light as a feather.
fresh	As a performance procedural, the film contains necessary dramatic thrust and abounds with engrossing detail.
fresh	Dance fans will love behind-the-scenes look at ballet.
fresh	An intimate and unusual behind-the-scenes look at the creation of a ballet, it may sound rarefied but has enough moments of truth and beauty to engage general audiences.
fresh	The film conveys the magnitude of these efforts with low angles and tight close-ups, giving a full picture of the challenges in a dance spectacle coming together.
fresh	The members of the team creating Peck's ballet are master illusionists. But they're also people with jobs, and the movie does an excellent job of showing the commonplace workaday atmosphere that is, in fact, a big part of that business we call show.
rotten	by paying only glancing attention to the content, and focusing almost exclusively on the process itself, the films risks trivializing the whole entity
fresh	"Ballet 422" is short, vigorous and charming. It's also purposefully superficial, holding a mirror up to the creative process rather than attempting to penetrate its mysteries.
fresh	Where's the excitement? It's there for those of us who love good movies about the process of collaborative work done for the love of it.
fresh	A delightfully immersive look at how a ballet is created, Jody Lee Lipes' documentary is a stark contrast to the psycho theatrics of something like "Black Swan."
fresh	A documentary providing ample evidence of ballet as art form that puts on display the breathtaking beauty of bodies in motion.
fresh	It's rare that movies capture the cumulative toil of the creative process as profoundly as Ballet 422, and the lack of any end-result elation forces some tough, resonant questions with no easy answers.
rotten	For dance fans, any glimpse of the New York City Ballet's inner workings is welcome. Ultimately, though, this observational documentary from Jody Lee Lipes feels too much like an exercise in form over function.
fresh	Peck doesn't come across as confident in what he's trying to do; if anything, it's his tentativeness that makes Ballet 422 so subtly dramatic.
fresh	Jody Lee Lipes' delightful ballet documentary delves into the intricacies of the creative process.
fresh	Ballet 422 is more visually sumptuous than most narratives you're likely to see this year, featuring careful compositions that make watching the film an aesthetic experience as much as an intellectual one.
rotten	Pretty, but totally devoid of drama, tension or anything that would make this behind-the-scenes peek "cinematic."
fresh	How do ballet dancers get to Lincoln Center? Practice, practice, practice, and this inside look at two months of rehearsals for a newly minted ballet is an eye-opener. Big plus for a doc: there are no talking heads.
fresh	Jody Lee Lipes shapes the footage into an intimate symphony of poetically shaped bodies that contrast poignantly with uncertain faces.
fresh	'Ballet 422' charts the production of a ballet from the mind of the choreographer to the premiere, drawing its beauty from the little details of rehearsal and preparation over the obvious glories of opening night.
fresh	Besides potentially leaving you with the feeling you've yet to accomplish anything great in life, the documentary is a pleasant twirl through the hallowed backstage halls at Lincoln Center.
rotten	Whether you buy Travolta in this role or not, the film turns convoluted under the weight of too many subplots.
rotten	The tension between grandfather and father and son is so fabricated and baseless that the film just kind of shrugs it off, like a coat it thought it should wear because that's what all the other gritty urban crime dramas are wearing these days.
rotten	What is happening! If you check out "The Forger," you might well find yourself saying that time and again, as the entertainingly terrible performances keep piling up while the plot dares you not to chuckle at the audacity of it all.
rotten	There's about an hour's worth of story in the The Forger, a languid movie that's stretched thin to fill out the running time.
fresh	The plot is ridiculous, but as a dysfunctional crime family drama, "The Forger" has its moments. Sheridan and Plummer are much better than the film.
rotten	It never for a single moment makes a plausible case for its own existence.
rotten	In attempting to spin out its competing storylines, the crime drama "The Forger" never quite gets a handle on either one.
rotten	Occasionally a movie comes along that's such an awkward compilation of ideas it fascinates: The Forger, a Boston-set melodrama involving cancer, Impressionist art and deadbeat dads, is only about half that good.
fresh	Granted, emotionality doesn't come in handy when dealing with a heist picture. Yet, underneath the thrills and near-misses is a surprisingly robust story about a father's commitment and care.
rotten	Mr. Travolta teeters between tough-guy menace and soulful, artistic intensity, but you don't ever believe that he can paint or that he can beat up a whole squad of younger, bigger, meaner dudes.
rotten	This limply directed tale emerges as a case study of an all too familiar type of art crime: the making of bad movies.
rotten	As the film's title suggests, there is something inauthentic about it all.
rotten	Scenes generally feel underdeveloped, and transitions abrupt. A suspicion grows that this is one movie that would have fared better as miniseries.
rotten	The movie is miscast and predictable, but it's not entirely without merit.
rotten	Tragically for the film's momentum, there's no sense of drama or tension to the heist.
rotten	The art-heist plot is pretty by-the-numbers, but Travolta nearly saves it with his doomed air of paternal helplessness.
rotten	Nicolas Cage at least manages to bring the occasional jolt of electricity to disposable genre tripe like this. Travolta is practically comatose.
rotten	The Forger proves to be a completely counterfeit crime thriller.
rotten	Travolta's face looks immobile, while Plummer and Jennifer Ehle, as Cutter's estranged, strung-out wife, look out of place.
rotten	I felt a little guilty not liking John Travolta's pale imitation of a melodrama. But, as routine reduced to redundant, I got over that.
rotten	John Travolta wearily plays a master art forger who undertakes the proverbial "one last job" for the benefit of his dying son in Philip Martin's soggy, strictly by-the-numbers crime thriller.
rotten	John Travolta's Raymond Cutter doesn't forge anything during the first 40 minutes of The Forger, unless we can count his unconvincing, age-inappropriate mane of hair.
rotten	We always knew Travolta's laziness as an actor would catch up with him.
rotten	Wobbly in its intentions to deliver both heist-heavy suspense, sociological realism and a touching family drama.
rotten	A sluggish, obvious fusion of a disease-of-the-week tearjerker with a comedic family crime romp that abounds in stiflingly over-emphasized Boston-crime-movie details.
rotten	...a misguided piece of work...
rotten	Good performances can't save a bland, instantly forgettable film.
rotten	A contrived thriller that wraps a gritty Boston milieu redolent of a Dennis Lehane story around a sentimental heart, with a high-stakes art heist that belongs in a more robustly plotted Hollywood studio picture.
rotten	An unpersuasive mixture of clunky family tearjerker and lazy crime caper.
rotten	Nothing feels fresh here - not even Christopher Plummer hamming it up as a crusty-coot grandpa - and Philip Martin's routinely polished direction only underscores the cliche-composting of Richard D'Ovidio's script.
rotten	Uninspired films utilizing cinematic devices that felt old decades ago are a regrettable part of the cinematic viewing experience, and "The Forger" squarely falls into this category. Even Travolta is better than this.
fresh	Gruber's sense of a calling to tradition is a common denominator among the many deli owners we meet in this fun and interesting film, mostly stressed-out men who somehow find deep satisfaction in being part of a long history.
fresh	A delectable, artery-clogging delight...
fresh	Like a fat slab of pastrami, "Deli Man" is the cinematic equivalent of comfort food: warm, generous and made with love.
fresh	The audience gets a crash course in kreplach, pastrami and matzo-ball soup. Nothing fancy here - no tarragon top notes, says one of the interviewees - but big portions and good company.
fresh	At once a celebration and a quasi-historical analysis, it may try to stuff too much into a ninety-minute span, but...it's pretty darned tasty.
fresh	The history and heartbeat of delicatessens is a strange subject for a documentary, but "Deli Man" turns out to be a charismatic and informative journey into Jewish and foodie culture.
fresh	"Deli Man" is a delicious little concoction, a consideration of the history of the Jewish delicatessen and how it reflects Jewish culture in America.
fresh	When some staffers explain, "The rules are simple, buy good food, prepare it well, but above all be a mensch," they're pretty much describing Ziggy.
fresh	Pull up a chair and listen.
rotten	It may pass mustard, but "Deli Man" doesn't pass muster.
rotten	In balancing the more objective cultural history of delis with a personal profile, Anjou serves neither well. Perhaps he should have chosen one course or the other.
rotten	Deli Man needs more meat on its rye.
fresh	The food is heavy but the japes are light. What could have been small beer instead makes the viewer hungry and hungrier. The role of the deli in Jewish culture is also capably evoked: "You can taste the diaspora!" Ziggy exults.
fresh	...excellent...interesting story of 160 years of tradition of the Jewish delicatessen with fine interviews of connoisseurs of deli including Jerry Stiller, Alan Dershowitz, and Larry King.
fresh	[P]ickled in a nostalgic brine
fresh	When deli man Ziggy Gruber says smelling the food makes him feel like his grandpa is standing there with him, you know what he means.
rotten	This documentary goes heavy on the schmaltz, in all senses.
rotten	A fairly thin subject for a feature film, but the characters and stories have charm.
fresh	More than just a nostalgic meal at shrinking number of genuine Jewish delis in N.America, latest delicious foodie doc where restaurants illuminate ethnic/national cultures.
fresh	An unexpectedly charming documentary directed by Erik Greenberg Anjou that is warm and piquant as well as informative ...
fresh	For the most part, good food and good cheer are the order of the day here, and the chatty, old-school Ziggy serves as a reliable - and touching - tour guide.
fresh	The pleasures in this doc about Jewish delicatessens are piled high as the iconic mile-high pastrami on rye.
rotten	The film is content to portray classic "appetizing" as the work of defiant outliers-not exactly untrue, but only part of the story
fresh	Deli man, your legend will survive anything, even Houston.
fresh	Large of body and personality, Ziggy seems genuinely to have stepped across time from mid-century New York, or emerged bodily from the authenticity of an ethnic tradition.
fresh	Prepare to see a jaw-dropping experience.
fresh	In the food-film canon, it aims to the be "Jiro Dreams of Sushi" of Jewish cuisine, and if it doesn't quite reach those poetic heights, it's still an affably informative documentary.
rotten	...in...fleeting moments, Deli Man reaches far beyond the flash of a feature-length Food Network special.
fresh	You will see better documentaries this year, but none more mouth-watering
fresh	Writer-director-editor Robin Campillo has crafted an unruly yet pointed drama that should intrigue patient viewers.
fresh	The movie argues that these teens' lawless, selfish mentality is a by-product of having grown up in war-stricken countries such as Chechnya, where they lived through horrors that permanently skewed their moral compasses.
fresh	Dour, dark sexual drama about a rich, middle-aged French pervert (Olivier Rabourdin) who arranges for a rent boy to turn up to his plush apartment only to find his plans going awry.
fresh	[An] ambitious and often arresting French drama.
fresh	Campillo has fashioned an empathetic exploration of what it is to be an immigrant intertwined with an acutely original love story. This offering is clearly a highpoint of 2015 for any lover of challenging, yet immensely entertaining films.
fresh	It's a fairly straightforward home invasion set-up, but what makes writer-director Robin Campillo's sophomore feature so intriguing is how it carefully subverts expectations.
fresh	A torrid, slow-burning, yet highly combustive French drama, Eastern Boys is rife with psychological tension and inter-cultural unease.
fresh	(Writer-director Robin) Campillo's script takes several surprising turns, and the film's denouement is quite touching. The film manages to be both sexy and compassionate, which makes it all the more impressive.
fresh	Both surprisingly resonant, and something of a thrill-ride.
fresh	[Campillo] leaves us, at the end, in an appropriately ambiguous place.
fresh	Warm, emotionally resonating and quietly powerful with tender, natural performances.
fresh	Explores interlocking themes of sexuality, immigration and power dynamics with a cleareyed sensitivity and refuses to demonize even its shadiest characters.
fresh	The premise is so simple and the storytelling so uncluttered that it cannot fail to lodge in your mind.
fresh	Impressively staged and non-judgmental study of the love between a john and a young hustler is compelling but a tad too cold.
fresh	As each new chapter unravels, so do our preconceived notions of the film's characters.
fresh	By turns a frightening home-invasion drama, a tender love story and a tense hide-and-seek thriller, with far more control over these unsettling tonal slides than initially seems feasible.
fresh	Campillo thankfully refrains from offering on-the-nose explications for behavior and decisions, instead letting audiences infer psychology and motivation from on-screen behavior.
rotten	"Eastern Boys" never quite fulfills the promise of those first few minutes.
fresh	What a relief to watch this small, expert film - a pane of glass in a concrete wall - that whispers, that dares to stand still and witness ordinary human pain.
fresh	A ferocious plea for character salvation within a milieu where money and bodily affect are the raison d'etre for human existence.
fresh	The distinct ambiguity from the opening stages extends throughout this memorable piece, as we know so little about our two protagonists.
fresh	A businessman (Olivier Rabourdin) makes an assignation with a rent boy and gets more than he bargained for.
rotten	Repugnant drama about the tender relationship between a man who pays for sex and the boy he hires. At least Pretty Woman pretended to be a fairy tale.
fresh	An extremely topical theme and unpredictable characters hold the audience's attention even when this French drama takes some rather implausible turns.
fresh	The effect is more redolent of a Gus Van Sant spin on Oliver Twist, not least because of Jeanne Lapoirie's dreamy cinematography (warm orange bodies against icy blue backdrops) and Robin Campillo's lyrical editing.
fresh	Some films take a while to engage their audience. Others, like Robin Campillo's masterful Eastern Boys, grip you from the very first frame.
fresh	The term "melodrama" is rarely used as a compliment, but writer/director Robin Campillo goes some way to reclaiming it with this four-act saga that switches tone and direction with assurance.
fresh	Robin Campillo's drama is sweet and neat, as ambitious as it is gripping.
rotten	This wistful study of migration and acceptance is over-stretched and tonally awkward despite some estimable performances.
fresh	The performances are first-class throughout, with even the smallest parts undertaken with impressive intensity and commitment.
fresh	Illegal immigration, unequal relationships and gay sex are put under the microscope in this compelling and slyly urgent drama.
fresh	Fascinating and suspenseful
rotten	The Living could be something kind of interesting, if only it weren't trying so hard to emotionally goad its audience.
rotten	"The Living" presents itself as a searing genre piece about domestic violence, but it proves to be only a shell of its potential.
rotten	The Living is one of those unfortunate films ignorant of any world outside its author's head.
fresh	An effective modern day noir.
rotten	The emotional dynamics in domestic violence, for the abuser and the abused, are often too disturbing and complex to be treated as superficially as "The Living" does.
fresh	A grim, grudging-buddies splatterfest featuring a few surprising plot twists and all the fixin's for a riveting cinematic experience.
fresh	Hire a hitman, face the consequences. Cheap thrills and lots of dark surprises.
fresh	A heartwarming and superbly-acted drama that hits all the right emotional notes.
rotten	Though based on a remarkable true story, this cliched tear-jerker is barely interested in Marguerite's revolutionary teaching methods, focusing instead on the intensity of her connection to Marie.
fresh	Both [stars] have radiant smiles, illuminating every moment of understanding or empathy. Their rapport warms the movie as surely as the opening scene's sun.
fresh	Ameris keeps the film tightly focused on the relationship between the two talented actresses, occasionally drawing back to contrast Marie's turbulent early days with the beauty of the French countryside.
fresh	Rivoire is a revelation - showing what it's like to be in, and then break out of, a world of total darkness and silence.
rotten	Anyone who's seen The Miracle Worker in any form will find Marie's Story very familiar, and even perhaps a bit rote.
fresh	Slight but satisfying.
fresh	Based on a true story that's perhaps less famous than some others but just as intriguing, this serious-minded -- no Helen Keller jokes, please -- period film is nonetheless quite entertaining and, finally, moving.
fresh	Jean-Pierre Ameris' new film reads pretty much like a softer, religious version of The Miracle Worker and while never attempting to match Arthur Penn's tense dramatic punch, he prefers a far more pastoral, less methodical approach.
rotten	The film is unable to specify narrative urgency beyond a broad sense of "based on a true story" pathos that's by turns hollowly uplifting and tragic.
fresh	A remarkable spiritual drama about compassion, loving, and creative caregiving.
rotten	Comedy about overly involved mom has a little edge.
rotten	With such an onslaught of misunderstanding of what being queer means and what the gay lifestyle is, the film flounders.
rotten	Director Salome Breziner is too permissive with her star, but "Helicopter Mom" retains some heart and meaning as it struggles to breathe.
rotten	A forced comedy that mines uneasy humor from stale stereotypes.
rotten	Breziner's disjointed film is rife with storylines that go nowhere and characters that briefly appear and disappear without explanation.
fresh	An alternately humorous and sobering cautionary tale chronicling the woes of an exasperated kid smothered by a well-meaning mom in an era of omnipresent parenting.
fresh	"Days of Grace" is a potent and vigorous film. It may not illuminate the depths or explore the causes of Mexico's crisis, but it mines that crisis for memorable images and dramatic scenes.
rotten	Most of this frantic moviemaking is more disorienting than riveting.
fresh	The best Mexican splatterfest since Bring Me the Head of Alfredo Garcia!
rotten	Eventually, the film's impressive array of formal pyrotechnics overwhelms its morals.
fresh	This is all very impressive in its scope and moral reach, and the movie, with its extensive use of handheld cameras, sweaty close-ups and violent encounters, is visually striking.
fresh	It may feel more like pulp than art house, but it still maintains its grip, bound together by a score composed by Nick Cave, among others.
fresh	So confusing (especially if you're a football dolt) that you may have trouble identifying the different narrative strands. It's still gripping.
fresh	There are characters who help to connect the stories and provide a straight line through a very twisted narrative. In its best moments this is an exciting, involving multi-story thriller.
fresh	It's a confident, well-made film that ends up in a blind alley of cynicism.
rotten	Full of colour, carnage and dramatic overkill, the film drills through your brain, destroying neurons as it goes. It's like being your own guest at an aesthetic torture gig.
rotten	So we think Mexico is an extremely violent place, but are a bit confused to be frank.
rotten	The pacing drags in the early stages, the characters are thinly sketched and the impact of the dialogue has been diluted by a shoddy subtitling job.
fresh	The dizzying narrative pings hither and thither, with first-time director Gout confidently deploying different screen ratios and film stocks to remind the audience where they are in the timeline.
rotten	Starts with a bracingly stylised snarl and ends in a muddle.
fresh	Everardo Valerio Gout directs as though he may never get another chance, throwing just about everything he can at his first feature - and quite a lot of what he throws is impressive, even if he sometimes tries just a little too hard.
fresh	Gout, a prolific short filmmaker here making his feature-length debut, shows a flair for directing actors and for creating atmospheric visual sequences, often composed of single, beautifully-soundtracked tracking shots.
fresh	This is genre filmmaking taken to its pulpiest extreme, an example of style over substance to be sure, but what style.
fresh	Amounts to a formulaic but oh-so-guilty pleasure.
fresh	A hearty Dustin Hoffman plays the head of the American Boychoir School in a heart-felt, feel-good drama.
fresh	Boychoir's formula is as old as The Ugly Duckling but Girard has revitalised it with a sublime score, a craftily mixed cast of new faces and big names, along with a setting that provides room for the occasional burst of originality.
rotten	Boychoir is nice to look at and great to listen to,but with a bit more work, it could have really hit the highnotes.
rotten	Boychoir, too, doesn't have drama so much as spaces where the drama could have been.
fresh	Boychoir soars by grace of its clear narrative, strong cast and the pure harmonious voices that can only be described as celestial
rotten	If it sounds like a Hallmark movie, that's because it is.
rotten	There's nothing wrong with being uplifting, but something less predictable would have been refreshing.
rotten	What we have is a movie that's too classy to exploit its slob-vs.-snob premise, and too dry to allow a little anarchic joy to the mix.
fresh	An imperious choirmaster (Dustin Hoffman) reluctantly takes a troubled 11-year-old (Garrett Wareing) with the voice of an angel under his wing in this delightful musical drama.
fresh	Hoffman, naturally, makes his character interesting in the way that genius actors always do. Yet the film's storytelling struggles to match his level of skill.
rotten	I almost half-enjoyed the routine drama Boychoir. But then the closing credits rolled, and so did my eyes.
fresh	As it is, Boychoir is a pleasant experience, beautiful to listen to and easy to forget.
fresh	While Boychoir leads us by the hand and presents a satisfying and extremely tidy conclusion, it could have soared a little higher had it opted for a touch more improvisation and scatter.
fresh	In the era of American Idol, it's a revelation to see a film champion the understated appeal of choral music, and to make it seem exciting in the process.
fresh	Two things elevate screenwriter Ben Ripley's otherwise average drama: the stunning choral music ... and Hoffman's wisely underplayed, brooding take on the choirmaster, Carvelle.
rotten	You might forgive Hoffman for sleepwalking through this performance, given the deadly dull and predictable proceedings. No matter - even a yawning Hoffman is a mighty presence, especially compared to the raw actors in the choir.
fresh	Stirring music and strong performances elevate Boychoir above its conventional story beats into a rather compelling drama.
fresh	This is a well made, emotionally engaging drama that captivates thanks to a likeable cast and some impressively staged performance sequences.
fresh	Dustin Hoffman coaches a group of angel-voiced young men in this feel-good, yet far-from-treacly family drama.
rotten	Thanks to a few exemplary moments of monumental acting from Dustin Hoffman, truly harmonious singing from the boys, and a graceful score by Brian Byrne, "Boychoir" is, at its best, a comfortable viewing and listening pleasure.
rotten	Requires such large amounts of suspended disbelief that one wonders if the film is principally aimed at children.
fresh	Hoffman's performance has a sadness, an unexplained loneliness, which gives this slightly diffident piece a centre of sorts, and there's a pleasing air of melancholy all round.
rotten	Dupieux's movie is all script twists, lacking both the naive wonder of the films to which he pays homage and the inventive sophistication of grand Surrealist fantasy.
fresh	Too transitory and too undemanding to be termed a mindfuck, for "Reality" minditch seems about right, and it's one you even occasionally get the pleasure of scratching.
fresh	A hilarious and increasingly disturbing series of looping, overlapping and interconnected narratives worthy of Flann O'Brien or Diderot ...
fresh	The film will only work for you if you expect it not to make sense, and enjoy jokes that go on and on and then suddenly (and repeatedly) jack-knife off a cliff or two.
fresh	For those who enjoy their brain-bleeders with a significant sense of humor, "Reality" is truly something to experience.
fresh	Each narrative fissure further thwarts meaning. The most you can ask from a movie as nullifying as this one is that it offer wit and visual panache, which it does.
rotten	Flashes of wit pop up, but the accumulation of weird incidents and fake-outs doesn't lead anywhere productive.
rotten	I can finally say that the guy who made a movie about a murderous tire may have taken cinematic absurdity one step too far.
fresh	What 'Reality"'is getting at, once its game plan can be seen, is similar to 'Rubber,' in that it too is a commentary on watching whose structure quietly breaks down how we absorb art.
fresh	A viewer can't help but take it as an artistic statement, even though nothing-not even the nods to Mulholland Dr.-suggests that Dupieux's motivated by anything more than a hankering to make something weird and funny.
rotten	[A] mind-numbingly unfunny attempt to apply slippery dream logic to filmmaking.
fresh	None of these semi-absurd tales are particularly funny, though there's some fun to be had in the film's second half trying to keep up with Dupieux's storytelling and editing skills.
fresh	The beauty of Dupieux's latest -- which some viewers may find grating -- is that it's guaranteed to leave audiences scratching their heads over which events are fact or fiction. There are no simple answers.
fresh	Take this Venice Official Selection as nothing, as fun and little more, as satire or expose or as deep-down profound, it is a film hard not to react to, either walk out on or embrace.
fresh	Quentin Dupieux has a talent for rendering otherworldly concepts banal in a manner that reflects the stymied desires of his characters.
rotten	But the biggest problem with She's Lost Control is the lack of thematic drive...
rotten	"She's Lost Control" sustains a mood of deepening alienation, but the attitude of the movie is too detached for it to be emotionally gripping, and its ending is botched.
fresh	With some shrewd and swift twists and turns, She's Lost Control [...] is part women's picture, part sex thriller.
fresh	There's a lot left unsaid in director Anja Marquardt's chilly yet intimate and thought-provoking indie drama. But what should be said loud and clear is that actress Brooke Bloom is riveting.
fresh	Marquardt leaves too much intentional ambiguity for her film to fall victim to predictability.
rotten	Too often, She's Lost Control hazily drifts from scene to scene, invested in examining the exhausted topic of what happens when a sex professional finds that the rigid boundary between work and off-duty pleasure has become uncomfortably porous.
fresh	The story of a behavioral psychologist specializing in sexual surrogacy provides insight into intriguing characters for whom professional intimacy supplants personal relationships.
rotten	Ronah's loss of control brings neither catharsis nor liberation, either to the character or to the film.
fresh	Overall, I enjoyed the film, even if, at times, it felt like watching an accident in extremely slow motion.
fresh	An astutely cold and compelling psychological drama.
fresh	The first half functions as an impressive showcase for Marquardt's formal chops, as well as for Bloom's gorgeously empathetic performance.
fresh	While smart, well acted, and shot with a vigorous chilliness, She's Lost Control shares one of that client's maladies: You try to get close to it, and it shies away, even as its subject and protagonist fascinate.
fresh	A psychological thriller about a sex therapist and her efforts to stay in control of her life.
rotten	Turns out, it's not only Ronah who eventually loses control of her emotions, but the film itself that loses control of the most interesting and provocative threads of its vision.
fresh	The movie is clearly not interested in sugarcoating or sentimentalizing WWII, even though Clement has every opportunity to do so.
fresh	[It] has gone from the exemplar of what expressive narrative filmmaking could be to something more elegiac: This is what it now rarely even dares aspire to.
fresh	Rene Clement's 1944 adaptation of Francois Boyer's novel is an exquisitely unsentimental movie about the corruptive effect of war on children.
fresh	The film has lost its initial power over time and now looks too contrived to be a masterpiece.
fresh	This touching film, winner of the Venice Festival award, draws us deeply into the secret world of haunted by death children, in post- WWII Europe where, among other "games," they build a cemetry for dead animals.
fresh	Perhaps not until Ponette in 1996 had another movie looked so closely at how death might be absorbed through the eyes of a small child.
fresh	It's difficult to fault a film that scrutinizes the veracity of childhood with such clarity.
fresh	powerful filmmaking in more ways than one, a story of innocence lost that you won't soon forget
fresh	Strange, compelling offbeat drama about a war orphan with a morbid fixation.
fresh	
fresh	
none	
none	
none	
none	
fresh	Alonso's films are as much about men moving through the landscape, leaving behind the rules of civilization to become lost in the wilderness.
fresh	Mortensen is meticulous and mesmerising, as a man who simply keeps going when all logic seems to be deserting his experience.
fresh	Entrancing, inventively shot and played with a wonderful sense of bizarro metaphysics
fresh	If you applauded the genre-tweaking twists of Gus Van Sant's "Gerry" and Kelly Reichardt's "Meek's Cutoff," you may have a good time (or at least an interesting one) at acclaimed Argentine director Lisandro Alonso's latest puzzler, "Jauja."
fresh	In abstract Western in which the harsh but claustrophobic beauty of the landscape is intensified by the confines of Academy ratio framing ...
fresh	All in all, a quietly magical piece of cinema, a mind-bender of the subtlest kind.
fresh	For all its evocation of the 'classical' western, Jauja also, at moments, conjures a chilled-out Alejandro Jodorowsky -- less obviously surrealistic but no less provocative in its core propositions.
fresh	Mortensen has just the right class of vacant charisma for such a gouged-out protagonist and Timo Salminen's photography bathes every image in surprising lights.
fresh	It is undoubtedly beautiful, brooding and enigmatic, with Mortensen's grizzled presence holding the attention, but quite what it all means leaves you scratching your head in puzzlement.
fresh	When Inge elopes with a soldier, Dinesen searches across the unforgiving but beautifully shot landscape, in a sort of western that turns into a surreal exploration of his existential angst, then segues to his descendants in the present day.
fresh	A quest saga whose metaphysical digressions and dream interludes will fascinate and frustrate in equal measure.
fresh	Intriguing, if opaque.
fresh	Miraculous. Blithely does its own thing, but with staggering assurance and artistry.
fresh	'Jauja' is a film to make you wonder.
fresh	Though admiring the filmmaker's innovation and inclination for minimalism, the lack of linearity and narrative structure is to the film's detriment.
fresh	Challengingly spellbinding.
fresh	Jauja may not be for everyone, but those who give it a chance will find a complex, beautiful film.
fresh	Mysteriously opaque and thrillingly spooky, Lisandro Alonso's Jauja evokes what many films aspire to yet rarely achieve: a genuine lucid state of cinema-as-dream.
fresh	In his latest feature, the breathtaking Jauja, Argentinian director Lisandro Alonso demonstrates that he is the rare filmmaker who trusts his audience enough to winnow his films down to the bone.
fresh	"Jauja" makes one cryptic leap too many at the end, but until then it evocatively confounds.
fresh	Even if director Lisandro Alonso meanders a bit, he pulls a rabbit hole out of his hat in the end ...
fresh	Alonso's audacious leaps of time, his incisive view of the wiles of combat and the rigors of survival, and his ingenious reflection of present-day splendors in past plunder lend the visually sumptuous experience a haunting depth.
fresh	The performances mesh beautifully with the filmmaking, which is more keenly attuned to fluctuations in the natural world that all but a handful of modern motion pictures.
fresh	I never once doubted that I was in the hands of a master filmmaker.
fresh	Staggeringly beautiful movie with almost no story, a representative "New Argentine Film"
fresh	Where 'Jauja' winds up is bizarre, even for an Argentine art-Western, but the move makes sense if you catch on its wavelength, a task made all the easier due to not only to its gradual, hypnotic pace but also its playful tone.
fresh	The rounded-off corners of the almost-square frames evoke early movies and antique photographs, and there is wit and mischief in the way Mr. Alonso plays with the relationship between what we see, what we don't see and what we expect to see.
fresh	The film is expansive, pushing the ideas that Alonso has probed in the past further than he has ever taken them.
fresh	At its most powerful, Jauja suggests the surreal Western violence of Cormac McCarthy's Blood Meridian in the way Alonso gradually folds the action into a waking nightmare.
fresh	Mortensen injects the director's esoteric, anti-psychological themes with a psychological reality that makes them all the more tantalizing.
rotten	[Jauja features] some gorgeously observed tableaus but also stretches of dry tedium, hemmed in by a layered and mannered aesthetic.
fresh	It's a movie designed for maximum intellectual appeal, even if the emotional impact is slight.
rotten	There's a line between artfully contemplative and just plain boring. This film eventually crosses it into Snoozeville.
fresh	There's so much to take in here that at times I almost felt as if I were absorbing it through my skin.
fresh	An extremely enigmatic work that dangles possible meanings before viewers, who are forced to put their thinking caps on.
fresh	Those open to other possibilities in cinematic language may marvel at Alonso's ability to hold a viewer rapt through little more than landscape, movement and sound, and ideas that emerge implicitly rather than being directly stated.
fresh	Beautiful, haunting and hypnotic, Jauja sees its own legend grow disproportionately, until we all, in our search for sense, get lost on the way.
fresh	A hallucinatory trip down the rabbit hole that summons memories of Gus Van Sant's "Gerry."
fresh	A ponderously paced but artistically sure journey; it's a film that finds strength in the universality of its ideas and its spiritual dimension, one that's enlivened by instantly iconic imagery and a keen sense of the strange.
fresh	Shot in an almost square ratio by Finland's minimalist cinematography master Timo Salminen, Jauja is a harsh, gorgeous dream that defies resolution.
fresh	Alonso's most narratively knotty film yet ...
fresh	Revisionist westerns are usually dour affairs, foregrounding guilt over the imperial legacy of runaway expansionism, but Jauja is refreshingly absurdist, consistently including shots for seemingly no reason other than to be dry punchlines.
rotten	It's a film of fussy, cultivated austerity; Alonsolytes will debate what it's hiding, while others will suggest "an actual movie" as the answer.
rotten	...we felt set adrift, marooned in a vast endless void of narrative nothingness.
rotten	With a succession of tangential flashbacks, the film gradually disengages viewers from the plot.
rotten	At the end of the day it's some neo-noir nonsense that makes those post-Tarantino movies from the mid-Nineties look like Chinatown.
rotten	While it gets credit for audacity, the film suffers from amateurish performances and ignores the ethical ramifications of its characters' behavior.
fresh	This is a comedy that encourages viewers to be impulsive, and pointedly seek love and acceptance outside of "normal" social institutions, especially when it comes to family and romance.
rotten	Mr. Borden, an acclaimed Canadian stage actor and playwright, turns in a slyly entertaining performance. But the relationship between Lake and Melvyn feels a bit more one-sided than perhaps was intended.
fresh	Gerontophilia has the authentic feel of a little classic.
rotten	Gerontophilia is rather reminiscent of a student film, and I don't mean that it has the fire of youth. It is restrained by a rank amateurism that borders on embarrassing.
rotten	There are the makings of a poignant Harold and Maude-style drama here, but the movie is so amateurish and eager to be shocking, it just winds up feeling creepy.
rotten	Katie Boland is ... a force of nature as Lake's feminist ex - who gets off on reciting the names of her favorite female revolutionaries. But neither she nor Borden can mitigate this film's ultimately creepy premise.
rotten	LaBruce ... [is] angling either for tragedy or an arch jab at the coldness of sexual conquest. I only wish he had let his conceit ripen long enough for us to tell.
rotten	Better camerawork and a lower gross-out factor than usual seem to have taken the oomph out of bad boy Bruce LaBruce, whose Gerontophilia sports a great title and a funny opening before going all limp.
rotten	It may be that, in self-consciously targeting a wider audience (as LaBruce has happily confessed was his aim here), the director's lost a little of his edge in the process.
rotten	This tonally uncertain romance is both surprisingly conventional and tame.
fresh	Gently challenging (it is the first of LaBruce's films without any sexually explicit content), beautifully shot and rather engaging at times.
fresh	The film surfs smoothly on good vibes and lulling moods; Borden, a majestic presence, deserves sterner stuff to wrangle with.
rotten	It chooses the delicateness of a fable instead of the narrative recklessness we've come to expect from Bruce La Bruce.
fresh	The cast does a good job at playing it straight; Walter Borden is surprisingly tender as the catty octogenarian who steals the young man's heart.
rotten	The film seems to be about the wrong character.
fresh	An enjoyable but surprisingly tame film about a provocative topic.
fresh	A charming, only mildly subversive addition to the director's canon.
fresh	Gerontophilia is a simple romance and a rather sweet one if you can get your head around a handsome young man and an old duffer swooning and spooning.
fresh	While Gerontophilia hints at serious issues in the way we treat our senior citizens, it keeps things light-hearted, with the high camp of Lake's uber-feminist girlfriend and his alcoholic mother providing the laughs.
fresh	Bruce LaBruce (working with co-writer Daniel Allen Cox) gets downright cuddly with this impressive, still outre romance. I'm very interested to see what reactions the film receives once it gets broader play.
rotten	Just because it's clean doesn't mean it's a good movie.
rotten	The leading man often seems more like a brooding menace in this handsomely produced but painfully slow faith-based romantic drama.
rotten	Even if you agree with Clay's rigid moral stance, you'll probably be put off by this remarkably dull, tone-deaf argument for chastity.
rotten	At least the title is accurate for this painfully wholesome romance.
rotten	OLD FASHIONED has a great deal of trouble turning its not-very-dynamic concept -- not dating -- into a watchable movie. But it also has trouble arguing its own point.
fresh	It's incredibly rare to see an American movie with a Christian perspective that's more invested in philosophizing and empathizing than in eschatological pandering, and for that alone "Old Fashioned" deserves commendation.
rotten	Disturbing is the film's apparent conviction that the surefire way to a woman's heart involves lots of candles and a mani-pedi, the sort of notion that isn't so much cute and old-fashioned as it is acutely offensive.
fresh	This low-budget, faith-based film -- with a cast of mostly unknowns -- is little more than a made-for-cable movie. But it offers an endearing look at what it's like to fall in love -- not lust.
rotten	Old Fashioned feels like a familiar work of juvenilia, something similar to those terribly insightful relationship dramas your college roommate wrote on lonely nights.
rotten	[Old Fashioned] raises some interesting questions, but in the end it's not credible.
fresh	The movie is self-conscious about its more on-the-nose aspects, which doesn't help much. It's also self-conscious about the weirdness of the world it espouses, which does.
rotten	The latest "faith-based" film set in one man's demented vision of the American heartland, and luckily it is too laughable to take seriously.
rotten	Old-fashioned is right. Like how the Taliban is old-fashioned. Behold some pretty despicable passive-aggressive othering of women in the name of 'respect.'
rotten	It must be pretty neat to make a movie that mostly consists of people telling you how chivalrous and morally right you are and how much everybody loves you, but that's no excuse for making it this boring.
rotten	Old Fashioned longs to return to the good ol' days, before the scourges of online dating and one-night stands sapped all the sweetness from modern courtship.
rotten	Hipper than your typical faith-based drama, but the romance is such chemistry-starved hokum that the movie doesn't deliver.
rotten	Old Fashioned is excruciatingly dull. It's like watching a movie in slow motion. I had to force myself to stop looking at my watch, because it was discouraging how little time had gone by whenever I checked.
rotten	Any masochistic joy that can be derived from watching the film owes to seeing it take its bullheaded conceit to its logical, artless extreme.
fresh	A refreshingly-principled parable proving that a picture championing chastity can be every bit as entertaining and enjoyable as one promoting promiscuity.
rotten	a stylish, narratively stripped-down thriller that works quite well, right up until it stumbles and falls into a terrible ending that feels both utterly contrived and morally ridiculous
fresh	... a 'Most Dangerous Game' update that benefits from spectacular terrain and decent performances ... Douglas makes up in killer sarcasm and animal cunning what he lacks in physical prowess.
rotten	Rich people shouldn't be able to get away with murder, sure, but screenwriters shouldn't be able to get away with this.
rotten	Michael Douglas does what he can to breathe life into a stale project, but he can't save the utterly predictable slope the film slides into. Beyond the Reach is about as entertaining as a severe case of heat stroke.
rotten	For a film that deals with a desolate, scorching unknown, there sure are a lot of obvious plot notes along the way.
fresh	Always absorbing and gripping.
rotten	It's lost and confused, with its baffling plot turns and character motivations presented in a straightforward, dead-eyed manner.
rotten	Ultimately, the take-away from "Beyond the Reach" is this: Don't go into the desert with a guy in a blazer. Even if he offers you a martini.
fresh	Watching Douglas behave like a narcissistic scumbag is an absolute pleasure, one in which viewers of action-adventure "Beyond the Reach" can happily indulge.
rotten	A deadly, desert-set game of cat and mouse that is tired and beyond plausibility.
rotten	"Beyond the Reach" is a grueling, unsatisfying thriller that fails the logic test in spectacular ways.
fresh	Douglas is in his element and the throwback, stylized look of the production makes Beyond the Reach an entertaining hit of escapist fun.
rotten	There's not much here: The characters are paper-thin, and the action is slow, at times agonizingly so.
fresh	Doesn't add anything to the human-hunts-a-human genre but is effectively served.
fresh	A nifty little morality play set in the Mojave Desert.
rotten	It isn't nearly as much creepy fun as it sounds like.
rotten	The film aims to puts a compelling twist on the "most dangerous game" trope, but its few good ideas are overshadowed by baffling character decisions and grating plot twists.
rotten	The title of this turgid chase drama couldn't be more apt: almost everything escapes its aim.
rotten	Michael Douglas seems to have been slithering toward this part for 40 years
rotten	There are goofy, primal pleasures to be had in the first two-thirds of the film. But "Beyond the Reach" exceeds even its humble grasp in the final act, collapsing in a clatter of blockheaded manhunter-movie cliches.
rotten	The flat-out awful ending ... deflates much of the goodwill built up by the rest of the film.
rotten	"Beyond the Reach" is a misfire, one of those movies that never quite rises to the level of guilty pleasure.
fresh	Offers a decent amount of thrills and sun-caked frustrations. Get up and leave before the final ten minutes, and the movie provides a compelling ride into disaster.
rotten	"Beyond the Reach" fails to achieve the Southwestern noir potency of "No Country for Old Men," but there's no denying it brings to mind another Southwestern classic about malicious pursuit: the Road Runner cartoons.
fresh	It provides a nice showcase for the villainous talents of Douglas.
rotten	The movie tries too hard to promise nail-crunching terror that it never really delivers.
rotten	It all goes to hell, more spectacularly than any film in recent memory. Does that ruin what was a pretty good time? It depends.
fresh	The attempted "new twists" on a classic story that's been filmed to death almost ruin it.
rotten	Money couldn't have saved "Beyond The Reach," but maybe a bit more time figuring out the right story would've been a better investment.
rotten	If all a movie needed was a boy with abs and a gun (or slingshot), then Beyond the Reach would be a masterpiece.
fresh	A potentially sophisticated conclusion is wrecked by a conventional ending.
fresh	Douglas' gleefully smarmy performance goes a long way towards perpetuating the thoroughly watchable atmosphere...
fresh	The Reach offers up happy corroboration that filmmaker Jean-Baptiste Leonetti's astonishing dystopian science fiction masterpiece Carre Blanc was no first feature fluke.
rotten	A preposterously bad, grade-Z adventure yarn in which a crazed billionaire hunter chases a skivvy-stripped guide through the Mojave Desert for upwards of 90 minutes, while the audience looks on in quiet disbelief.
rotten	A decent premise is ruined by poor execution and a ridiculous ending.
rotten	Not even a gleeful Michael Douglas can make this a cat-and-mouse game worth playing.
fresh	A unique, uniquely visual, father-son road movie, featuring a marvelous turn by the great Andy Lau.
fresh	Peng's eye as a director is more pictorial than visually adventurous, but she can underscore the urgent heart of a scene - no matter how busy - with impressive speed.
rotten	Writer-director Peng Sanyuan juxtaposes Lei's and Zeng's parallel searches with a present-day kidnapping in progress, but the clumsy attempt at interconnected stories serves only to confuse.
rotten	Confronts serious problems but is too busy reaching for epic sweep and soaring moments to nail the fine detail of main characters' fraught give-and-take.
rotten	Given the widespread and devastating situation, the movie's quaint, comforting treatment is a letdown.
fresh	Delicate and affecting, the movie is also too muted and somber to attract much box-office attention [in America].
fresh	A compelling documentary that's short on running time but long on emotion.
fresh	Why are these noble creatures being killed wholesale? For trinkets - mantelpiece knickknacks. The sheer needlessness is appalling.
fresh	Short running time leaves certain avenues unexplored; yet the overall effect is utterly heartbreaking and urgent.
fresh	American Sniper depicts events that saw Kyle revered as a hero among his military colleagues, but the film, and Cooper's performance, challenge what that word may mean.
fresh	Primarily, it is a gritty and moving war story about the heroes who have answered America's call to arms. Secondarily, it is an unapologetic manifesto from Eastwood about what it means to be an American and a warrior today.
fresh	We are likely going to need more, not fewer, soldiers like those depicted in this boldly contrarian Hollywood product of which we also need more.
rotten	Too often in "Sniper," Eastwood kowtows to our basic need to have clear-cut good guys and bad guys. And when Kyle makes the impossible shot, it feels (in the limited context of the film) like we've actually won something. We haven't.
rotten	Serious people -- critics I admire, whose political sympathies are close to mine -- keep insisting that Clint Eastwood worked profound moral ambivalence and heartfelt complexities of character into American Sniper. I wish it were so.
fresh	What a surprise that rather than an uncritical testament to the might of the armed forces, Eastwood delivers this complex, conflicted and profoundly moving look at the military machine, and the toll it takes on the soldiers.
fresh	Rivets our attention while giving us plenty to think about
fresh	Amongst all the praise and criticism of the film, one thing that is certain - Bradley Cooper succeeds in bringing Chris Kyle's patriotism and private battles to the screen. A career defining performance
rotten	Despite its miniscule degree of ambiguity, the goal and outcomes of American Sniper are clear: a great man done a great thing for a great country.
fresh	As a war movie, it's pretty solid. As a character study, it's virtually generic. Cooper's strong performance salvages the rough spots.
fresh	Politics, commentators and nationalism aside, American Sniper is a damn good film.
fresh	Though lacking subtlety, the portrayal of Kyle as a complex, damaged hero is engrossing.
fresh	Bravely refusing any form of hagiography, Eastwood triumphs with a measured, morally complex, and utterly gripping snapshot of what war can do to the men who fight it.
fresh	All of this has been done before - and much better - in The Hurt Locker.
fresh	Eastwood is less concerned with action heroism than the consequences of deadly action, how it chips away at the living.
fresh	Some of what it is, is ambivalent to the point of being problematic; a tiny bit of what it is, is acutely vile; and most of what it is, is a smart, complex portrait of a man.
rotten	[VIDEO ESSAY] Corporate Political Military Junta Propaganda: Hollywood Commits Cultural Suicide With Clint Eastwood's Help
rotten	It's too bad that it isn't a better movie, as its more complex shadings tend to get lost in the narrative rush and overly familiar situations, which makes it all the easier to misunderstand it and treat it like a political jackhammer
fresh	Cooper's performance is totally precise. The gradations he and Eastwood have chosen to show - of Kyle's character, personality and disease - are perfectly graded ... and if that isn't exactly the man Chris Kyle was, it's an indelible movie character.
fresh	Eastwood leaves a lot on the table when the big, difficult questions come up, but when the bombs start exploding, this movie is locked in and purposeful.
rotten	Unlike the movie version of Chris Kyle who never makes a mistake, Eastwood and his writer are prone to flubs that cost them their "fog of war" stance.
fresh	As he begins to doubt, so do we.
fresh	We feel Kyle's detachment and disorientation (and Cooper is excellent) because Eastwood, working with his long-time collaborators, have punished us with the best action scenes of his career.
rotten	It's a surprisingly timid turn from Eastwood, a riveting performance from Cooper, and a movie that never quite knows how to say what it wants to.
rotten	Cooper looks the part, having bulked up for it, but he can't do anything with the blandness of the character the script has given him.
fresh	We've seen it before, but Eastwood is good at making it seem raw and personal, largely by the care he takes in building a character, and the situations that will test them.
rotten	For all the talk of American Sniper's pro-war ideology, the most troubling aspect I felt was that the film doesn't appear to have an ideology at all.
fresh	...reminds us of the emotional scars our soldiers carry long after the piercing sounds of rifle fire have faded into dull echo.
fresh	The film is not, by any fair measure, a battle hymn or a call to arms. As with The Hurt Locker the film's intent is to engender respect for those doing the fighting, not to justify the reasons for the fighting. American Sniper is pro-warrior, not pro-war.
rotten	For a film that seems to have its heart in the right place, it certainly botched the delivery of its otherwise quite worthy message.
fresh	Featuring an amazing performance by Bradley Cooper, "American Sniper" is Clint Eastwood's return as an important filmmaker
fresh	Heartbreaking and Brave
fresh	Aims for entertainment as well as something even deeper, and hits its mark.
fresh	Eastwood presents Kyle as a type of intuitive artist-filmmaker. Painstaking and passionate about his work, he peers through lenses, makes adjustments to the focus and framing and creates mini-narratives about the characters. He calls the shots, literally.
rotten	It's not a biopic but a polite, deceitful eulogy of a far more complicated man.
fresh	Although the book paints a better picture of Chris Kyle as a man, this is one RPG of a war story.
fresh	Not one of Clint Eastwood's best film, this is a biopic of Chris Kyle, a Texan rodeo-rider who became a Navy SEAL sniper, credited with 160 kills while on duty in Iraq.
fresh	... a mature film of the toll war takes on its warriors, and you should see it, regardless of your politics.
rotten	There's no doubting the sincerity and passion of actor Bradley Cooper, director Clint Eastwood and screenwriter Jason Hall in bringing that saga to the screen. So, why is it a good movie instead of a great one?
fresh	This is one of the best films of 2014, even though liberals and pacifists will hate the political message it sends. But politics aside, the craftsmanship of this film is flawless.
fresh	Director Clint Eastwood deftly shows the mental and physical toll of heroism in a way that will leave you gutted.
rotten	Is a biopic dishonest if it attempts to make its subject more introspective than he likely was in real life?
fresh	"American Sniper" is crammed with action, heart-pounding moments and incredible gunshots by Cooper. But Eastwood seems distracted by his need to make a patriotic film more than a desire to show the real ramifications of so much killing.
fresh	After "Trouble with the Curve", director Clint Eastwood had nowhere to go but up. He has done that with "American Sniper", but I'm not convinced it belongs with the other Oscar candidates.
rotten	Simplistic and repetitive, but Bradley Cooper delivers another very watchable Oscar-nominated performance.
fresh	Eastwood doesn't simply circle the flames but gets right into the heat of combat. And he is as unerring as his sharp-shooting protagonist.
fresh	A character-driven drama that's among the most incisive military movies of the post-9/11 era.
fresh	Entertaining, tense and thrilling, "American Sniper" devolves into glorification -- sugarcoating the truth and creatively changing details to assure we see the hero Chris Kyle was without most of the much darker anti-hero he also was.
fresh	Despite the jingoism and uncritical appraisal of the war in which Kyle served four tours... Jason Hall's script can't help but draw attention to the ironies, many of them cruel, that form the context.
rotten	Those who care will find it tough to reconcile the Kyle in the movie with the reality; others will find it a familiar, occasionally moving, but ultimately directionless peek through the crosshairs at the personal costs of war.
fresh	Eastwood has stripped things back so that we observe the action through American eyes only, our focus as blinkered as that of its titular killer.
fresh	Bradley Cooper, who bulked up forty pounds for the film, gives a stunning natural performance.
rotten	Bleeds red, white and blue in the worst ways. American war films have moved past this jingoism.
fresh	It's about the war every soldier fights... to reconcile their beliefs & illusions about their duty with the realities of war. But eventually, the soldiers fight to leave the war behind & live life again, & that's a battle very few seem to win these days.
fresh	Although it is a better written and made film then The Hurt Locker which won the Oscar, American Sniper is just as determined to ring emotional bells for an America that has lost much of its self assurance on the world stage
fresh	It's like being there - right in the midst of a war zone, where life and death rely on split second decision ... the story of a remarkable man, as told by a remarkable filmmaker
fresh	Eastwood eschews his conservative leanings to make a surprising, but subtle, anti-war film that captures the cumulative costs of battle on a man, a family and a nation drawn into a conflict it had no business fighting.
fresh	The weakest of the eight Best Picture Oscar nominees, this nevertheless turns out to be one of the better Clint Eastwood releases of recent vintage, even if it's less a heartfelt piece of moviemaking and more a bald lunge to score yet more Academy gold.
rotten	"A tedious and uninspired film that's more about shooting a lot of people from far away than it is an exploration of the effects of shooting a lot of people from far away."
rotten	Never mind whether [its] superficiality makes the movie reckless, it makes the movie pointless.
fresh	Bradley Cooper makes this movie worth watching. He can also deadlift like a champ.
fresh	A powerful story that details the heavy personal ramifications that comes with being a legend of war, with Clint Eastwood's straight shooting, masculine direction capturing the totality of a soldiers experience without any filter, pretence or agenda.
fresh	unlike any war movie I have seen in recent memory
fresh	American Sniper may not be the strongest biopic in the genre, but it is on par with other acclaimed military action-thrillers like Black Hawk Down or The Hurt Locker.
rotten	American Sniper is trying so hard to be this year's Zero Dark Thirty and it just isn't. It's closer in tone to Act of Valor, which despite trying to be an honest portrayal of the Navy SEALs was a complete entertainment-lacking dud.
rotten	Eastwood wants to cast our morally complex modern wars into "good vs. evil" in a movie that places the blame for the toll on a faceless other.
rotten	Eastwood had a platform to present a complex picture of the Iraq War - both its heroics and its effect on the men and women who fought it - but he doesn't take the shot.
rotten	It's been called a neo-western, but is that fair? When was the last western they made where the Indians were all bad Apaches?
fresh	The 84-year-old's deep appreciation of the masculine -- its conflicts, its appeal, its evolving truths -- has added texture to our understanding of violence, warfare and more. At least as it is represented onscreen.
rotten	Kyle did a great service to his country, and saved many lives. But one need not tarnish his reputation to admit that the Iraq War was a complex one; nor to point out that the life of a sniper, killing from afar, is predicated on a certain moral ambiguity.
fresh	A film that isn't merely a war movie -- it's a story of courage, conviction, camaraderie and caring.
fresh	The whole movie depends on our acceptance of Kyle as a true American hero and Eastwood sells it with a dollop of ice cream on the apple pie thanks to Cooper's natural charisma.
fresh	Sharp physical filmmaking; a superb performance by a stewing Cooper; morally ambiguous storytelling.
fresh	In an amazing display of artistry undiminished by age, Clint Eastwood hits the bulls-eye, again. Cooper is astounding.
fresh	Bradley Cooper vanishes into the character of Chris Kyle...
fresh	Director Clint Eastwood continues his quiet critique of the moviegoer's deep delight in cinematic violence.
rotten	Taken as a whole, it feels far more like a missed opportunity to bring something with sophistication and grit to the screen. "American Sniper" has lots of targets to shoot at, it just feels in the end that it's firing blanks.
fresh	Eastwood takes on the story in a straightforward, apparently conventional Hollywood fashion that camouflages his deeper intention -- the exploration, if not explosion, of masculine myth.
fresh	Great movie but Eastwood misses digging really deep into the psychology of how a PTSD, shell-shocked veteran views a consumer, fun-based and somewhat shallow U.S. society.
fresh	Eastwood keeps the tension ratcheted up high and Cooper delivers what's arguably his best performance to date. (Full Content Review -- Sex, Profanity, Violence, etc. -- for Parents also available)
rotten	It may be admirable for Eastwood to have de-dramatised the material. But that doesn't make this hugely disappointing film any easier to sit through.
rotten	Feels like a movie that has a lot more to say, but can't figure out how to convey its message despite a fantastic effort from its leading man.
fresh	Despite Cooper's committed acting, "American Sniper" feels redundant.
rotten	What we end up with is a rather empty film that doesn't begin to scratch the surface of this incredible individual, a shell that gives us the layout of his life, but nothing more.
rotten	This adaptation of the memoir by Chris Kyle, the deadliest sniper in American military history, benefits from Bradley Cooper's lead performance but remains a disturbingly simple-minded look at the Iraq war.
fresh	The first must-see film of 2015. A remarkable achievement.
fresh	Eastwood never exults in the brutal action, and throughout the film we can feel his disgust
fresh	The movie about heroes in our military that should be made more often.
fresh	American Sniper is a typically thoughtful, unflashy Clint Eastwood production that respects Kyle's achievements while questioning the price he had to pay.
rotten	Eastwood is still making great films, with the 84-year-old's recent resume including such historical treats as Changeling, Jersey Boys and Invictus. But, unfortunately, this isn't one of his finest moments.
fresh	A confident yet thoughtful performance from a bulked-up Bradley Cooper is the solid centre of director Clint Eastwood's absorbingly matter-of-fact biopic of the most lethal sniper in US military history.
fresh	American Sniper romanticizes Kyle, whose bestselling memoir, which put him on talk-show appearances, included boastful stories of dubious authenticity. What remains is distilled and dramatized, a story of loss, the story of the universal soldier.
fresh	The fluidity and tension of the battle scenes is breathtaking, Eastwood at his cinematic best. But it's the ever-tightening knot inside of Kyle the director really wants to understand.
fresh	Eastwood knows he's obliged to be straight with people about combat and its consequences, and he is.
fresh	If American Sniper fails at being a truly great film, it is no fault of its star.
fresh	It has problems, yes, and falls back on war-movie cliches now and again, but "American Sniper" is a solid movie that is surprisingly haunting.
fresh	At 84, Clint Eastwood has directed one of his most understated, fast-paced pictures.
fresh	Ultimately more of an action-inflected character study rather than a weighty commentary on the Iraqi conflict, Eastwood creates some incredibly vivid, sweat-inducing situations which capture the uncertainties and confusion of conflict.
fresh	American Sniper is not afraid to show Kyle's dark side and the contradictions in his personality -- and that is why it has such resonance.
fresh	Though his past as a punk-challenging, on-screen enforcer suggests a guy who thinks he has the answers, Eastwood the director always asks the big questions.
fresh	American Sniper [combines] a lean, unfussy approach to combat action sequences with a glimpse into the psyche of the fighting man.
fresh	Put it in your sights.
rotten	What a disappointment.
fresh	Bradley Cooper is excellent in Clint Eastwood's gripping drama.
fresh	The film does not say anything revelatory about the subject, but it says its piece with a precise clarity of narrative and an appropriate degree of moral uncertainty.
fresh	The film is, simply, a tragedy in which American certainty comes to grief against the rocks of the real world, and it views its central figure as a decent man doing indecent things for what he keeps telling himself is a greater good.
rotten	American Sniper often has a sorrowful immediacy. But director Clint Eastwood's film also bears the weight of a decade spent warring in the Middle East, considering the long, painful view of a generation sacrificed for goals that aren't always clear-cut.
rotten	A movie that can't find a credible perspective on its subject, despite a winning performance from Bradley Cooper in the title role.
rotten	American Sniper becomes a problematic work that dilutes its gut-gripping, conscience-blanching opening sequence with an episodic barrage of military confrontations involving dehumanized enemy targets.
fresh	American Sniper doesn't have the same moral reverb of Eastwood's finest work. Still, the action sequences are packed with zealous clarity and tense dynamism.
fresh	A stark, powerfully-acted drama featuring a career-best turn from Bradley Cooper.
fresh	A thrilling Iraq war story that manages to both honour the necessities of heroism and ruminate on what heroism might cost a man.
fresh	Impressive in the particulars, weaker on the whole.
fresh	The melancholy streak coursing throughout the picture speaks to the grand tragedy of war and those who wage it on the ground, guns in hand and hearts in throat, unaware at the moment of how radically different the rest of their lives will be.
fresh	Young volunteers have been at war for 14 futile years, and the next Chris Kyle deserves to be understood.
fresh	Cooper's performance grounds a solid, authentic drama - Eastwood's best since Letters From Iwo Jima - that is less about one single field of combat than the price of war itself.
fresh	"Uneasy lies the head that wears a crown," Shakespeare wrote. But is that true when the coronet is no more than a backward ballcap balancing a pair of wraparound shades?
rotten	There's a difference between a film about a man reluctant to acknowledge the psychological toll of what he endured and a movie that basically doesn't want to talk about it or question it, or think about it, period.
fresh	A shrewd and very well-made picture.
fresh	"American Sniper," Eastwood's 37th film as a director, is his darkest, tightest and most morally ambiguous drama since he shot the western dead with "Unforgiven."
fresh	It is set in this hyper-macho world and it seems to be all about killing and brutality, but you walk away from it feeling like you understand so much more about the humanity of these people.
rotten	A shouty, weary spreadsheet about American geo-military good intentions and the place to which, we know, good intentions pave the road.
fresh	The message of American Sniper? There really isn't one, apart from Eastwood's career-long fascination with taciturn men called upon to do a dirty but necessary job well.
fresh	Sensitivities are numbed and greater understanding of Chris is lost in the final act, but that doesn't completely wash away what works about Sniper, which retains its power, albeit in disappointingly diluted form.
fresh	"American Sniper" does more than take us on the battlefield. It takes us into Kyle's psyche and slowly shows the toll his job takes on his mind and emotions.
fresh	Puts forth a lot of different, and even contradictory ideas about violence, war, duty and family. Much more complex than you probably think.
fresh	Once again, director Clint Eastwood lurks in the background, springing a stunningly atmospheric thriller on audiences when they least expect it.
fresh	Eastwood's infectious sympathy for Kyle and ease with the actors and action ultimately triumphs over the film's lack of engagement with either marital or wider political issues.
fresh	The best movie Clint Eastwood has made since 2006's Letters From Iwo Jima.
rotten	No matter how well made and compelling Eastwood's film is, to produce something this incurious about its troubling real life subject, to promote his "legend" with little more than jingoistic hagiography, is at best disingenuous and distasteful.
rotten	American Sniper tries to juggle too many balls and ends up dropping every one of them.
fresh	The movie reality created by Eastwood is powerful and intense, and "American Sniper" is arguably his best picture since "Unforgiven."
fresh	Hard-pounding, compassionate and entirely captivating, it offers an insightful peek inside the pressure-cooker in which American service members operate.
rotten	A simplistic, pandering tribute to the American military and people who give themselves over to it blindly, aimed at an audience that prizes patriotism over drama .
fresh	It is to Cooper's credit - and Eastwood's - that Kyle does not come off as a lunk-headed cartoon hero, but a man who, if he doesn't struggle with his choices in the moment, is gravely affected by their consequences.
fresh	...a sturdy study of masculinity, from an icon of the topic.
rotten	A banal, bland tribute to things no one questions as laudable (though it has to misrepresent its subject to do so). But Bradley Cooper is very good.
fresh	While some unsettling reports...have resurfaced in pre-Oscar jostling, Eastwood's depiction of the toll war takes on the men who fight it and Bradley Cooper's transformative performance are still worth celebrating for their craftsmanship.
fresh	Cooper extends his streak as the Last Member of the Wedding Crashers Cast Anyone Would've Expected to Achieve Awesomeness But Did and Then Some. He gives a quietly powerful performance that I'm shocked to see hasn't registered on the award-season radar.
rotten	What might have been a penetrating film about the war and its after-effects becomes a standard war movie that often feels like a shooter videogame.
fresh	A welcome comeback for Eastwood.
fresh	Kudos to Clint Eastwood for fashioning such a moving and well-deserved salute to a real, American war hero!
fresh	More than an action film, this is a melodrama that demonstrates rather than examines the psychological burden of having to decide who lives and who dies.
rotten	Iraq warrior biopic American Sniper, about the late Navy SEAL sniper Chris Kyle, affords Eastwood another opportunity to wrestle with the way of the gun, but one that gets mired in military hero worship.
fresh	This troubling and ultimately tragic portrait of an all-American killer is Eastwood's best film in years.
fresh	American Sniper, based on Navy SEAL marksman Chris Kyle's best-selling memoir, is both a tribute to the warrior and a lament for war.
rotten	As Chris Kyle, Cooper beautifully realizes a living, breathing gentle-giant of a human being; but as a fictional bomb-disposal soldier, Jeremy Renner let The Hurt Locker share truths about war that American Sniper is too respectful to explore.
fresh	American Sniper makes for an engaging but frustrating debate about war.
fresh	Clint Eastwood's latest portrait of a man of violence unfolds with an immediacy that the octogenarian multi-hyphenate rarely musters anymore.
fresh	Whatever the reaction, American Sniper should hit most viewers where they live.
fresh	Much has been written about what this film is not. What it is, undoubtedly, is one damned compelling movie.
rotten	The film's interest in exploring the psychological and spiritual price of all that killing even in the service of a just war waxes and wanes throughout the film.
rotten	The film combines the most common tropes of war films and biopics, giving it a whiff of staleness before it really gets going.
fresh	It's a gritty, confident portrait of a man whose life may have been somewhat messier than this Hollywood version.
fresh	The ending is frustrating, but as a character study it's both powerful and provocative.
fresh	For very hard-working Bradley Cooper, making an homage to a lost warrior, this is a bullseye.
fresh	A return to form for Eastwood as a director.
fresh	Eastwood is mostly able to balance intensity and emotionality throughout this wartime drama thanks to a deeply unflinching turn by Bradley Cooper.
fresh	Often unbearably tense and always psychologically and emotionally captivating, American Sniper isn't interested in patriotism for patriotism's sake; it's interested in the cost of patriotism on those most invested in defending the right to have it.
fresh	The best thing about "American Sniper" is Bradley Cooper's performance as Navy SEAL Chris Kyle. Otherwise, the film is just another well-made "war is hell" flick.
fresh	Sad, serious, yet stilted study of the effects of brutality and violence..
fresh	Not a single false note nor a wasted moment exists in "American Sniper."
fresh	It's no surprise that the war footage is so brutally affecting, and it's no surprise that Cooper's performance is so striking. But what's so surprising about AMERICAN SNIPER is how subtly balanced it is.
fresh	American Sniper hits on the sniper part of its title, but sadly forgets to talk about the American.
fresh	Mr. Eastwood's film lets this good and anguished man speak for himself, and discover himself, at his own pace.
fresh	One of the more tough-minded and effective war pictures of post-American-Century American cinema.
fresh	...American Sniper is still a powerful, deftly pulled-off film on the aftermath of war as well as a competent character study of a single-minded man.
fresh	Less a war movie than a western - the story of a lone gunslinger facing down his nemesis in a dusty, lawless place - it is blunt and effective, though also troubling.
fresh	Clint Eastwood's best film since Letters from Iwo Jima.
fresh	Eastwood produces stunningly realistic battle scenes and gets terrific performances from Cooper and Miller. Dealing with actual war and its effect on a family, in a less political Hollywood, this would sweep the Oscars (R).
rotten	The question that has to be asked is, if so much had to be made up for this film to exist, why make it in the first place?
fresh	As a piece of direction, it's as taut as anything [Eastwood's] ever done.
rotten	This movie is drowning in duty -- to say nothing of hoary storytelling devices and one embarrassing scene after the next for Sienna Miller as Mrs. Kyle.
rotten	American Sniper could have been the movie that brought the toll of the War on Terror home. Instead, it's simply a harrowing reminder that, for many soldiers, the struggle still continues long after they've left the battlefield.
fresh	It's clearly Cooper's show. Substantially bulked up and affecting a believable Texas drawl, Cooper embodies Kyle's confidence, intensity and vulnerability.
rotten	American Sniper never decides what it's about, besides reminding people of a great American hero, a proclamation that needs a case behind it.
rotten	There's no freshness in either the domestic scenes or the combat sequences.
fresh	A respectful, and more than respectable, attempt to celebrate Kyle's service while also taking account of the effect it had on him and his family.
fresh	Clint Eastwood has directed war movies before, but never one that focused on a single warrior. And he has an amazing one here ...
fresh	Eastwood's impeccably crafted action sequences so catch us up in the chaos of combat we are almost not aware that we're watching a film at all.
fresh	Though it never uses the term "PTSD," American Sniper, at its best, is a devastating portrait of post-traumatic stress disorder.
rotten	American Sniper rings out with the sound of shots fired, but the silences between its pulls on the trigger are entirely too full of unanswered questions and missed opportunities.
fresh	Far more complex and troubling than The Hurt Locker, American Sniper is still liable to be misjudged by critics who refuse to look beyond surface details.
rotten	Eastwood displays the futility of the Iraq war, but, given more than 10 years of films with the same ideas and images, it's not a startling or even moving message.
fresh	But the adrenaline can't replace perception, and despite Eastwood's deft staging of the Iraqi scenes, they don't bring viewers any closer to understanding why Kyle insists on repeatedly returning to the war zones.
fresh	It's easily Eastwood's best film in years-the best since that 2006 double feature-and it's also the first one that feels pitched specifically to Red State America.
fresh	After 40 years of Hollywood counterpropaganda telling us war is necessarily corrupting and malign, its ablest practitioners thugs, loons or victims, "American Sniper" nobly presents the case for the other side.
fresh	Cooper nails the role of an American killing machine in Clint Eastwood's clear-eyed look at the Iraq War.
fresh	American Sniper lifts director Clint Eastwood out of the doldrums that have plagued his last few films.
rotten	It's not clear why the film needs to exist; the story itself isn't compelling enough and the filmmaker remains agnostic as ever when it comes to expressing a point of view.
rotten	American Sniper reflects its subject's perspective-perhaps to a fault.
fresh	Just as only Nixon could go to China, only Clint Eastwood could make a movie about an Iraq War veteran and infuse it with doubts, mission anxiety and ruination.
fresh	American Sniper is imperfect and at times a little corny, but also ambivalent and complicated in ways that are uniquely Eastwoodian.
fresh	On one hand it's a celebration of the troops. But that's not the same as being a celebration of war, and it's definitely not the same as being an uncritical look at what battle does to those who fight it.
fresh	Clint Eastwood is directing. Bradley Cooper is the lead. It's a movie about a decorated war hero, and the studio seems to be really high on it. Shouldn't it be, you know, better than this?
fresh	Bradley Cooper, as Navy SEAL Chris Kyle, and director Eastwood salute Kyle's patriotism best by not denying its toll. Their targets are clearly in sight, and their aim is true.
fresh	Clint Eastwood's best film in years - though it should be noted that we can claim this because recent films like Jersey Boys, J. Edgar, Hereafter, Invictus and Gran Torino have been mediocre disappointments.
rotten	Cautiously, Eastwood has chosen to omit Kyle's self-mythologizing altogether, which is itself a distortion of his character. We're not watching a biopic.
fresh	The best movies are ever-shifting, intelligent and open-hearted enough to expand alongside an audience. "American Sniper," Clint Eastwood's harrowing meditation on war, is built on this foundation of uncommon compassion.
rotten	Kyle's life could have made for a challenging, brutal and inspiring story, but not in Eastwood's hands.
fresh	A nice return to form for Clint
fresh	Eastwood's best film in a long time, and further proof that Cooper is both a great actor and a great star
fresh	If you can disregard its politics, you will see perhaps the most exciting adventure thriller of the year.
rotten	The film's just a repetition of context-free combat missions and one-dimensional targets.
fresh	Both a devastating war movie and a devastating antiwar movie, a subdued celebration of a warrior's skill and a sorrowful lament over his alienation and misery.
rotten	Legendary filmmaker Clint Eastwood has achieved another stunning cinematic milestone: he has made not one but two of the absolute worst movies of the year.
fresh	Clint Eastwood startlingly grips the audience with his sense of hypnotic silence, which carries suggestions of what might be termed politically apolitical pragmatism.
fresh	For all its easy humanity, the end result is off-putting and suggests that for all the care Eastwood and company take with Kyle's legacy, the man himself and the world he lived in is still a mystery to them and to us.
rotten	Demonstrating competent war scenes, along with an astounding and near unrecognizable performance from two-time Academy Award nominee Bradley Cooper, Clint Eastwood's new film "American Sniper" falters on storytelling and thematic developments.
fresh	American Sniper is at its freshest and most insightful when examining the physical and mental effects warfare takes on a soldier.
rotten	"The result is not unlike watching a suspenseful but highly repetitive video game, especially since nearly every Iraqi is seen through Kyle's highly perched rifle scope."
fresh	Would be a peerless film if Clint Eastwood kept to Kyle's fascinating military career and left out the annoying, under-written personal story.
fresh	In American Sniper, Eastwood delivers a transcendent wallop.
rotten	For people who want a perfunctory tribute to a man who seems to have lived an anything-but-perfunctory life, "American Sniper" should thrill, but for anyone looking to this as a film first, it is a flat, oddly stilted misfire.
fresh	Like most recent era Clint Eastwood directed movies: good enough, but it could have been even more.
fresh	Four or five stunning sequences in "American Sniper," including an intense firefight finale set during a sand storm, prove Eastwood still has his own capable handle on cinema.
fresh	Eastwood's deceptively straightforward take on the life of decorated marksman Chris Kyle is more rife with this sort of quandary than it initially appears.
fresh	This harrowing and intimate character study offers fairly blunt insights into the physical and psychological toll exacted on the front lines, yet strikes even its familiar notes with a sobering clarity ...
fresh	A taut, vivid and sad account of the brief life of the most accomplished marksman in American military annals, American Sniper feels very much like a companion piece-in subject, theme and quality-to The Hurt Locker.
fresh	"American Sniper" doesn't break much new ground when depicting the chaos of combat, but it's more astute in examining the mind-set of those who willingly put their lives on the line for others.
fresh	As with Pitch Perfect, the actresses - Anna Kendrick, Rebel Wilson and Banks herself, joined this time by Hailee Steinfeld - are the film's real charm, alongside those show-stopper a capella sequences, choreographed again by Aakomon Jones.
rotten	Heavy on music and light on story, Pitch Perfect 2 lacks the creativity that made the original so much fun.
fresh	Just as it was in the first film, the sequel is all about the shamelessly wicked one-note gags, delivered hard and fast between countless kooky renditions of songs you haven't heard for ages.
fresh	...sticks pretty close to the formula of its predecessor, but it's saved by its sly humour, with digs flying thick and fast.
fresh	It's the offbeat nature of the characters and their approach to the a cappella music they sing that gives this upbeat sequel edge. In musical terms, you might say it feels syncopated
fresh	Blythe Danner lands her best screen role in years as a retired widow who decides to dip a tentative toe into the dating pool in indie comedy I'll See You in My Dreams.
fresh	A polished piece of entertainment.
fresh	If there's one lesson the film attempts to convey, it's that there is always sweetness left in the world, no matter what, and this is a big piece of it.
fresh	This is the mercurial nature of cinema. With good casting, decent writing and a light directorial touch where others might go for full-frontal schmaltz, almost any scenario can win you over.
fresh	Blythe Danner gives a deeply felt performance as a widow slowly embracing the challenges of old age in this pleasant romantic dramedy.
fresh	The film becomes somewhat overwrought during its busy finale, but it's clever enough to be a candidate for cult status among genre aficionados who prize the pleasures of traditional storytelling.
fresh	a paradox-filled, reflexive plot
fresh	Like other Niccol films, particularly Gattaca, Good Kill is about an essential innocent who dreams of release from a highly structured, classist, and hypocritical environment.
fresh	Writer/director Andrew Niccol reteams with Gattaca star Ethan Hawke for this timely dramatic treatise on drone warfare.
fresh	It's nice to see the always compelling Hawke - here, tenser and more laconic than ever - in a role where his face's deep stress lines come into their own.
fresh	It's a surgical strike against US foreign adventurism and a devastating take-down of its "warheads-on-foreheads" policy, as well as a very moving a study of a soul in torment.
rotten	Plays like a series of didactic footnotes for a much more interesting film
fresh	Good Kill convincingly shows us a development in warfare that's only going to become ever more important, one that we've been preferring not to think too much about.
fresh	Niccol draws us into the fine details of this hidden military world and airs some meaty arguments about the appliance of science to the act of killing.
fresh	A sophisticated, provocative and thoroughly modern war film that makes Clint Eastwood's recent American Sniper look slow to find its target.
fresh	Hawke is quieter and more dour than he was playing the husbands and fathers in Linklater's films. However, he is very effective at capturing his character's pent-up frustration, self-disgust and mounting aggression.
fresh	The writer and director Andrew Niccol's quietly intelligent drama about drone warfare explores the gradual breakdown of a man's self-respect.
fresh	Hawke's effectively simmering performance helps create a potent and provocative report on how combat is mutating into a real-life video-game.
fresh	War being played out as a lethal video game is the fascinating subject for this cautionary thriller from director Andrew Niccol.
fresh	This smart and serious thinkpiece never loses sight of the overheads: the steep personal price paid by Egan, and the collateral damage incurred.
fresh	Doesn't shake you in your seat, but some very effective moments, and it poses some complex moral questions.
fresh	A sombre, intelligent drama that critiques Obama's ongoing drone policy while still positioning its button-pushing characters as tortured anti-heroes.
fresh	It's Top Gun with gamer's thumb. Ethan Hawke shines in a complex, satisfying character study turned combat thriller.
fresh	In the chill of computerised battle, there's an important film in here somewhere.
rotten	Hawke is on fine form - angry, volatile and confused. But for all Niccol's grappling with moral complexities he misses the target, veering into an overwhelmingly melodramatic subplot ...
fresh	Hawke gives a complex, sensitive portrayal and if Niccol sometimes flounders in externalising that inner conflict, it doesn't detract from the intensity.
fresh	Good Kill could've used more conflict and drama sprinkled throughout the narrative...
fresh	Unlike so many movies based on real events, this one arrives on time, not a few years too late.
fresh	There is, of course, no such thing as a "good kill". Andrew Niccol's drama will remind you of that, repeatedly.
rotten	Considering the premise, this could and SHOULD have been great.
fresh	When cinema reflects current conflicts, a certain aesthetic typically develops, and "Good Kill," Andrew Niccol's drone strike-era drama, makes a convincing case for the next phase of that evolution.
rotten	Heavy on speeches and light on actual drama.
rotten	In the face of such a weighty topic, Niccol proves a poor co-pilot for himself, as Good Kill's script fails to live up to a strong directorial effort.
fresh	Andrew Niccol takes on the topical issue of drone strikes in a tense war drama notable for its tact and intelligence.
fresh	Psychologically complex and unsettling ...
fresh	Fassbender makes a cool gunfighter/anti-hero, and New Zealand does a nice job doubling for America's Old West in this offbeat fable
fresh	Maclean shows a land where loss of innocence is ever-present.
fresh	One of the most thoughtful, witty, satisfying Westerns of the last decade.
fresh	Not a traditional Western by any stretch of the imagination, Slow West operates in the same manner as such haunting and off-kilter horse operas as Jim Jarmusch's Dead Man and John Hillcoat's The Proposition.
fresh	A neo-western that operates in purely mythic terms, Slow West evokes an 1870 America steeped in isolation, heartbreak, suffering, and misery.
rotten	A pageantry of pseudo-art poses, a self-consciously cool reorientation of the western as silly symphony.
fresh	While the ending doesn't exactly scream earned or original, it's a well-constructed piece that hawks back to films like "McLintock!" and "True Grit." A hypnotic film.
fresh	Sometimes the most old-fashioned way feels the freshest....It's as comfortable as a warm blanket by the fire, a sense that you're in good hands hearing a good yarn being told.
fresh	Slow West is defined by a kind of loving ambivalence -- about its hero, its genre, and perhaps most of all about a landscape so harsh and so beautiful it almost makes a man hope to die.
fresh	An absurdist, melancholy coming-of-age tale that jumps from odd comedy to striking violence to stirring reflection.
fresh	Thrilling euro-western with a darkly comic twist.
fresh	Slow West is a beautiful-looking film highlighted by its performances, with just the right amount of humor to make up for the flaws in its story structure.
fresh	This classic western myth is presented as more of a fairy tale, with absurd and surreal encounters dominating Jay and Silas's journey.
fresh	Using an economy of dialogue and striking visuals, Maclean tells a simple but soulful story that hits you with bursts of bloodshed and sharp gallows humor.
fresh	Slow-burning and simmering, "Slow West" knows how to kick the voltage into high gear.
fresh	Pitched somewhere between a David Fincher crime procedural, a Denis Lehane suspense novel and a Mommie Dearest melodrama, documentarian Amy Berg's move into the feature-length world of dramatic narrative is...an uneven one.
rotten	There's no shying away from the fact that the New Age, twig-built mumbo-jumbo peddled here is no match from the otherworldly ancient belief systems of Peru that flow through Llosa's earlier works.
rotten	The film's worst quality is its underhanded attempt to convey a complex recounting of one family's ordeal while fudging all the pertinent details.
rotten	Aloft stirs nothing within you, not emotionally, not provocatively.
rotten	Aloft is a meditative, thoughtful film, that wants to glide like a hawk into the sky and inspire us to wonder, but its narrative has feet of clay that all the wispy winsomeness cannot conceal.
fresh	Yet another splendid escape from the increasingly strenuous glut of computer-animated offerings, this one designed to serve as family entertainment after the more adult-skewing likes of "The Wind Rises" and "The Tale of Princess Kaguya".
fresh	A major departure for Schwarzenegger, who smokes no stogies, cracks very few smiles, and delivers no one-liners.
rotten	Maggie is a one-dimensional portrayal of a father coming to terms with his daughter's zombie diagnosis, with ineffectual characters and more tears than emotion.
fresh	Arnold Schwarzenegger is remarkably good in this indie-flavored horror-drama, with the emphasis on the latter.
fresh	"Maggie" is a moving drama. Echoing the moods of hard-hitting films but with the charisma of any entertaining blockbuster you would see this summer.
rotten	Its only claim to uniqueness becomes running the standard zombie narrative through a Hallmark-card filter.
rotten	DIrector Henry Hobson certainly doesn't give in to traditional expectations here, and while uneven, that approach is what makes "Maggie" something individual and special.
fresh	A terminal-illness family drama in which the ailment happens to be zombieism, Henry Hobson's Maggie does the genre mashup thing without an ounce of tongue-in-cheek attitude.
fresh	An unlikely proposition on paper, this Arnold Schwarzenegger-Abigail Breslin zombie movie offers a moving twist on the genre.
rotten	I give the odd, small film Maggie all the points in the world for experimenting with genre-blending and subverting audience expectations, but there's just too much about it that fails to connect.
fresh	The surprise in Maggie is Abigail Breslin, playing a teenager who flares and burns with dread as she becomes aware of the horror of her infection.
rotten	The ugliest movie I can remember seeing since The Divide. It's so underlit you can barely even see anything. That's because there's no electricity any more so everyone uses lanterns. It's source lighting gone wrong.
fresh	In a genre practically defined by fatalism, Maggie probably reigns supreme.
fresh	The story retains a haunting quality thanks to its compelling performances and a contemplative atmosphere that owes much to David Wingo's mournful score.
rotten	Robert Gustafsson has been called "the funniest man in Sweden." Meh. Must be an acquired taste.
rotten	Emphatically urging you to laugh, it inspired -- in this reviewer, at least -- barely so much as a chuckle.
fresh	It might take a while to say the title, but it's only seconds before this Swedish comic gem gets a laugh.
fresh	The title sounds like a drab "Marigold Hotel" snoozer, but this comedy is a start-to-finish rocket-speed riot.
fresh	We like Allan because he's self-confident without being self-absorbed. He's empathetic without being maudlin, and he's entirely unconcerned with what anyone thinks about him.
fresh	The 100-Year-Old Man is like the box of chocolates you've had and enjoyed once before. You do know exactly what you're going to get, but that doesn't make it any less tasty.
fresh	You probably never thought there would be a cross between Woody Allen's Zeilig with Tom Hanks' Forrest Gump. Still less that it would be a Swedish black comedy.
rotten	Aiming for charm but too often settling for slapstick ...
fresh	It's not laugh-out-loud funny, but it's consistently amusing.
rotten	The Hundred-Year-Old Man Who Climbed Out the Window and Disappeared can hardly disappear from cinemas soon enough.
fresh	A whirlwind comedy of absurdist humour, zany happenstance and good old slapstick.
rotten	Humour notoriously doesn't travel well, but rarely have I seen a comedy quite as unfunny as Felix Herngren's The Hundred-Year-Old Man Who Climbed Out of the Window and Disappeared.
fresh	A comedy with humour as absurd as the length of its title.
fresh	Though the movie's mix of the whimsical and the weird will not be to all tastes, there is still much to recommend here if you love an out-there in-joke or two.
rotten	I thought it was a bit turgidly directed. It could have had a brisker pace and I'm not into this picaresque, cute thing.
fresh	The plotting is clever and the film, directed by Felix Herngren, is handsomely produced and nothing if not amiable, while the supporting cast - especially Mia Skaringer's warm-hearted Gunilla - is very good company.
fresh	This uplifting, crowd pleasing entertainment is a road movie, a character study, a wild adventure and black comedy all rolled into one. It's a helluva ride.
rotten	Felix Herngren's adaptation of Jonas Jonasson's best- selling novel is undermined by a fatal lack of charm.
fresh	A soundtrack of bubbling brass and some lively cinematography keep the fires of mischief lit. Daft and delightful.
rotten	If it were up to me this would be called The 100-Year-Old Man Who Climbed Out the Window, Fell, and Was Never Heard From Again.
fresh	With echoes of Forrest Gump and Zelig, this jaggedly funny Swedish adventure traces the life of a centenarian who interacts with key figures throughout the 20th century.
fresh	What we're left with is a peculiar example of the regional specificity of humour; a reminder that there's nothing so particular as that which makes a nation laugh.
fresh	The film piles one ludicrous incident upon another, yet the escalating absurdity just gets funnier and funnier.
fresh	Like its title, The Hundred Year-Old Man Who Climbed Out the Window and Disappeared is shaggy and ramshackle, but there's enough playful imagination on display to easily make this a worthwhile recommendation.
rotten	[Suffers from] uneven tone and thuddingly unfunny historical satire ...
fresh	The screen adaptation does full justice to the book, transforming it into a winningly absurd, freewheeling fable that comes close to being a Swedish Forrest Gump.
rotten	This picaresque European fantasy has an element of knockabout black comedy that can't conceal its Sweet'N Low taste of sentimentality and whimsy, and a certain condescension towards old people.
rotten	Misty-eyed and faux mischievous nostalgia romp adapted from a literary smash hit.
fresh	An unlikely adventure story involving gangsters, elephants, and a very old, slightly amoral man.
rotten	The film is poorly scripted and built around a mirthless performance by Robert Gustafsson, a less-than-100-year-old actor whose face has undergone seeming vulcanisation.
fresh	An absurdist mock epic that is hilarious, outrageous, and completely insane. It's like a bonkers Swedish Forrest Gump.
fresh	It's a silly romp, but the loopy novelty of it can be very entertaining.
rotten	An amiable mess.
fresh	This film is yet another gem to come out of Scandinavian cinema.
fresh	A film that might not always make sense, but is never dull.
fresh	Coincidence and absurdity drive this latter-day Candide's amusing, episodic misadventures and the satirical look back at international relations in the 20th century is lightly handled.
fresh	An absurdist escapade that's quirky fun but not as side-splitting as it thinks it is. Still, it benefits from entertaining complications and attractive production values.
fresh	Alan's life weaves through significant events of the 20th century, recalling naive, hilarious and unrelentingly ridiculous encounters with Franco, Stalin and Oppenheimer, among others.
fresh	This is a rare incidence of a film adaptation that is much more successful than its source, as director Felix Herngren gets the balance of callously dark humour and playful, silly storytelling just right.
fresh	Movies don't get much more meta than this: a film about a screenwriter worried about writing a rom-com script because he's never been in love...
fresh	Playing It Cool is perfectly adequate date-night fare, but it would have benefited from stretching its legs and seeing more of the world.
rotten	Playing it Cool has appeal. But it is just not good enough to unsettle the rom-com genre and get people really talking, laughing and loving.
rotten	Relying too much on fantasy sequences and obvious from the first scenes in intent and conclusion, it's puzzling why Evans misses so badly.
rotten	Classily assembled but narratively diffuse.
fresh	The movie's best moments have a shivery eroticism and a trancelike intensity.
fresh	It's said that one must suffer to be beautiful. Thrilling in places, self-indulgent in others, Saint Laurent strongly suggests that one must suffer to make others beautiful.
rotten	For all its Viscontian sensation, the film well overstays the 150 minutes
rotten	No matter how much Bertrand Bonello varies his split screens, triptychs, and geometric screen divisions, he forgets that one of the most fashionable virtues is knowing when to leave.
fresh	[Bonello's] version is audacious and a bit snarky, delving into the designer's 1970s excesses without restraint ... Names are dropped ... and so are the pants.
fresh	Less of a classic, narrative biopic, and rather an emotion-fueled, loosely knit attempt to grasp and portray the spirit of Yves Saint Laurent's creativity and mindset.
rotten	For all its visual fizz, Bonello's film tells us nothing about the designer, save the usual pompous/concessive hero-worship.
rotten	...the film loves itself so much it renders itself beautiful, but utterly shallow.
fresh	Succeeds as a warts and all (booze, drugs, sex etc) story of a legendary fashion designer ...
fresh	Reflects more of the designer's tortured creative drive in its dark onyx surfaces; it's the slightly deranged auteur portrait that a fellow artist and iconoclast deserves.
rotten	As macho and phallus-worshipping as any Schwarzenegger action movie.
fresh	We can never have too many scenes of half-naked beautiful people spaced out in slo-mo to Giorgio Morodor-like music.
fresh	An incessantly schmaltzy TV score threatens to drown us in syrup, but the sight of Big Bird singing It's Not Easy Being Green at Jim Henson's memorial provides a powerful emotional sucker-punch.
rotten	The overall effect, drenched by Joshua Johnson's unnecessarily surging score, is far too portentous for its own good.
fresh	The transcendence that the film offers isn't to be taken lightly considering the near impossibility of living professionally as an artist.
fresh	One to warm your cockles.
rotten	I Am Big Bird, is a must if you want to listen to 90 minutes of bland platitudes about the "genius" of a man who dresses as a giant yellow bird for a living.
fresh	A charming insight into the life and art of Caroll Spinney, the puppeteer who has played Big Bird on Sesame Street since it was launched in 1969.
fresh	In an era when so many celebrities from our childhoods have turned out to have feet of clay or worse, it's tremendously reassuring to find out that Spinney is just the sort of kind-hearted sweetheart you'd expect ...
rotten	This is a story that belongs on the small screen. It simply isn't interesting enough to hold the attention for 90 minutes.
fresh	[A] loving documentary about a puppeteer who's brightened the lives of countless children weaned on Sesame Street.
fresh	This sweet if superfluous doc shows that Spinney is Big Bird, a tireless performer who refuses to retire.
rotten	The problem with I Am Big Bird is simply that Spinney's story may be heartwarming but it entirely lacks drama.
fresh	An affectionate portrait of a big-hearted man and a fitting testament to the enduring appeal of Sesame Street.
fresh	It coalesces into a highly entertaining, surprise-packed and enjoyably nostalgic experience.
fresh	Offers just what the title promises, an involving and affectionate study of Caroll Spinney, whose Sesame Street bird we've all been following for almost half a century now.
fresh	A warm-hearted documentary look at the man behind one of the most beloved and iconic Sesame Street characters of all time.
fresh	An endearing life story. Wonderfully nostalgic but also heart-wrenching at times for anyone who grew up with the support of PBS's Children's Television Workshop.
fresh	You'll probably be happy to know that, as per this Kickstarter-funded documentary, the man in the puffy yellow suit is just as kind and loving as the overgrown fowl he portrays
fresh	The film will remind audiences of the important role Big Bird (and the man in the yellow suit) played in shaping both culture, children's education and even politics.
fresh	Good gags, great performances and a spectacular soundtrack rescue an otherwise average coming-of-age drama.
fresh	Spike Island has plenty of feckless, disorganised charm.
fresh	The film has an engagingly zippy and colorful visual style, evoking the splashy Summer of Love motifs around the Roses, with allusions to their music videos and paint-splattered, Jackson Pollock-esque sleeve artwork.
rotten	The heady whirl of the Roses' first album played loud is a treat -- the only one.
rotten	[The Stone Roses'] debut long player is one of the few rock albums that might justly be assessed all killer, no filler; Whitecross and Coghill's sincerely intended love letter to the era, not so much.
fresh	[Director Whitecross has an] uncanny visual ability with music sequences as the film joyously skips through a pitch-perfect Madchester soundtrack.
rotten	The filmmakers botch the story with a fragmented script and harshly edited scenes that prevent us from properly engaging with anything that happens.
rotten	The piece as a whole gets bogged down in rites-of-passage cliches and, ultimately, seems out of time.
fresh	Whitecross clearly has both an eye and ear for the rarefied nuances of pop culture ...
rotten	Incident after incident might be prefaced with the dread phrase "one time we took drugs and then . . ."
rotten	There's a terrific blast of nostalgia in this finely crafted film, which will probably make it a hit for Stone Roses fans, but it's so jaggedly edited that the plot is almost impenetrable.
fresh	It's a likable, amiable movie, and a nice reminder of the roaring 90s.
rotten	Sniff all you like, but Spike Island smells of nothing.
fresh	It's a bit ramshackle but good fun and enjoyably nostalgic.
rotten	Stylishly shot and features an expectedly strong soundtrack, but the script feels contrived and the cliched voiceover is rather annoying.
fresh	Christopher Ross's bold cinematography, in particular, helps capture the potent exuberance of the era.
fresh	Spike Island is a film that does more or less precisely what you expect it to do - no more, and no less - and within that limited remit, it's a gentle and affable watch.
rotten	None of this ever feels remotely honest or real.
rotten	Underwhelming drama &#8232;about a fledgling band trying to get to the Stone Roses' momentous 1990 gig in order to pass on their demo to Ian Brown.
rotten	It's hard to see who the film is aimed at, teenagers or nostalgic forty-somethings? There doesn't seem enough for either.
fresh	Following Made Of Stone, this is another slice of nostalgia for baggies of a certain age.
fresh	Saggy but also energised and endearing.
rotten	Unfortunately, great music can only distract us so much in this disappointing feature from the talented Mat Whitecross.
fresh	The screenplay for The D Train, which is rooted in humor, lends itself to an entertaining take on a worthy, if not entirely original, message.
rotten	[A] queasy, schematic, wanly sentimental comedy ...
fresh	The first half of the film is simply not as funny as you want it to be but Marsden's career-best turn and a superb third act really turn things around.
rotten	Just another raunchy bromantic comedy that earns a few laughs before petering out.
rotten	Some may buy it, but from several perspectives what takes place simply seems beyond the pale dramatically; it's hard to believe things would go as far as they do.
rotten	The "neither this nor that" quality torpedoes any hope of accepting its characters and their far-fetched shenanigans as anything resembling real life. The result is a film as annoying as its lead character.
fresh	This umpteenth film about a class reunion cuts a little deeper and gets a little edgier than its peers, finding plenty of humour and a surprising amount of chemistry by pairing Jack Black and James Marsden.
rotten	Edgy and soft, audacious and coy, a largely enjoyable letdown.
fresh	"The D Train" is a good-humored, warm-hearted movie in which Black, as usual, excels.
rotten	There's no beauty to this film, little rhythm, none of the physical grace that action-film fans crave even if they don't know they do.
rotten	It's hard to tell if Skin Trade should be taken seriously.
fresh	Skin Trade is worth seeing for Tony Jaa's triumphant return to the type of film that made him a household name, but this is otherwise a lackluster revenge thriller intertwined with a run of the mill human trafficking counterplot.
rotten	Ira Sachs, for all the tenderness of feeling he brought to Love Is Strange, wouldn't have countenanced the stacked-deck sentimentality that lies at this film's heart.
fresh	Diane Keaton and Morgan Freeman make a cute couple in this theatrical comedy about a pair of house-hunters.
rotten	It relays a story of police corruption that's transparently designed as a pitch for a feature-film adaptation.
fresh	Perhaps the most amazing aspect of Dowd's confession -- and Russell's documentary -- is the total ease with which Dowd reconciles his twin careers as all-out gangster and dedicated cop.
fresh	Tiller Russell's thrill ride of a documentary is constructed out of an intoxicating mosaic of archival news and surveillance footage.
fresh	It's familiar and infuriating - but enthralling.
fresh	[Writer-director Bradley] understands the inherent drama in Noble's life story, as well as the necessity of varying the narrative's chronological progression by alternating time periods in the film in order to maintain ongoing interest.
fresh	Ultimately it is the awareness of a true story - both terrible and inspiring - lurking beneath the clever artifice that allows Noble to surge.
fresh	O'Kane is alright in a film that's solid rather than spectacular, but Sarah Greene is quite exceptional as the 20-something Noble, and seems bound for bigger things.
fresh	A moving, dramatic, harrowing and funny story about a quite remarkable woman.
rotten	Preggoland feels like a rough cut of a Judd Apatow movie, similarly pushing the taste envelope in cringe-worthy directions before wrapping up with a rom-com bow.
fresh	Bennett creates a memorable character in feisty Ruth and there's enough comedy and redemption to make Preggoland an enjoyable romp.
rotten	[It's] constructed exactly like a middlebrow studio comedy but lacking the directorial verve that might make it play like one.
fresh	The script slyly pokes fun at the beatification of pregnant women and is smart enough to consider the serious issue of infertility at the same time.
rotten	Let's not belabour this. Preggoland is a misguided comedy about a thirtysomething woman who pretends to be pregnant on a whim.
fresh	There is no shortage of goofy humour here, but Sonja Bennett's screenplay also grounds those light laughs in a story that skips around a defining question for women in their 30s.
rotten	Much of the satire is drained out, practically and formally, by a turn toward the rom-com.
rotten	Preggoland is a pale, predictable comedy that makes one laugh and feel too rarely, despite the best efforts of a strong ensemble.
rotten	...Bennett, a prolific character actress, deserves a much better starring vehicle than this.
fresh	Despite the weighty title, this is an extremely light, delicate art film that rarely makes a false move.
fresh	A very humane story, alternately sad and smiling, fashioned with the utmost care, unfolding stately at a calculated pace that underlines the subtle humour lying just under the surface.
fresh	Hamer brings his visual wit to lives of Norwegian precision
fresh	Quietly moving and exquisitely made, suffused with a depth of feeling that belies its minimalist construction.
fresh	The film may sound slight, but its charm is immeasurable.
rotten	Lacking the looseness and easy charm of previous efforts, Hamer's "1001 Grams" is a forgettable disappointment.
fresh	...a special little film that's well worth seeking out.
rotten	A franchise inches toward its conclusion
fresh	It may not have the visual panache of the first two films, but it makes up for it with a thrilling series of events that set us up nicely for the final film in the franchise.
rotten	They didn't go full Hobbit on us, but [Mockingjay] should have been one film.
fresh	It feels like Lionsgate are killing time rather than driving forward, so hopefully the long-term success of the franchise isn't harmed by a short-term money grab.
fresh	Increasingly, in a world of ISIS, we know evil exists and is not going away. Maybe we need symbols to inspire us.
rotten	"The Hunger Games" are almost over. We are near the end. And, I see a world where all are dandified with smelly leotards and jazzy wigs. It's the future, baby.
fresh	... Francis Lawrence... and screenwriters Peter Craig and Danny Strong turn out a surprisingly engaging film about rebellion, propaganda, media, and the emotional and psychological scars of war...
rotten	The Hunger Games: Mockingjay is just a long, slow teaser for next year's grand finale, Mockingjay - Part 2.
fresh	Although well-acted, cleverly executed, and spiked with a couple of series-high moments, Mockingjay, Part 1 is not nearly as exciting as the films that preceded it
fresh	That Jennifer Lawrence and her co-stars can prop up what is essentially half an epic and have us say "more please" is testament to their talents and that of director Francis Lawrence
fresh	Delivers a decent preview of the big finish coming in the final chapter.
rotten	an adaptation of a book about a teenage girl navigating the seas of her rising estral tides
fresh	It shares some structural similarities with other penultimate franchise films ... [and] by necessity, will leave you less than satisfied when the credits roll.
rotten	This half-a-novel adaptation bides its time and, in doing so, diminishes its heroine.
fresh	A solid lead-up to the finale.
fresh	As far as detached setups go, this is a movie that effectively rouses our suspicions into something of dogged interest.
rotten	To borrow the term from a friend, this latest instalment in the Hunger Games series is suffering from "part-one-itis."
fresh	Doesn't make us want to see more final films split into two parts, but it makes the decision to do so in this instance feel absolutely warranted.
fresh	This is arguably the best installment in the franchise because the love triangle is put on the back burner in favor of deeper themes.
rotten	It's a prologue without an epilogue, an introduction without a conclusion, 120 minutes of setup without a proper climax. In other words, it's a drag.
rotten	a whole lot of set-up for what we imagine will be payoff in Part 2, which doesn't necessarily make it any easier to slog through
fresh	In transforming Katniss from victim/champion to icon and expanding the stakes from personal survival to political revolution, this third film sacrifices some of the metaphorical power of its teen-centric predecessors...
fresh	Better than the first, not as good as the second.
rotten	So much of this one feels disposable in the grand scheme of things.
rotten	The film's commitment to market concerns over storytelling ones is vividly obvious throughout all of its aimless, airless minutes.
fresh	This sequel-split rests on the time-tested theory that there's money to be raked in by extending the life of characters who had us from the first arrow.
rotten	Every so often there's a sign of the old Katniss - a hint of anger, a moment of resolve - but mostly she spends the movie with a very bad case of the blahs.
fresh	We'll have to wait another 12 months to see if Katniss' story finally comes to a satisfying, if cynical, conclusion.
fresh	The good news is that Mockingjay 1 is better than its predecessors. The bad news is that it would, I feel certain, be all but incomprehensible to anyone who hadn't seen those films.
fresh	Mockingjay is at its most powerful when it introduces a possibility that's daring in a YA franchise and would be almost unimaginable in a superhero one.
fresh	In the excitable world of dystopian fantasy, the series remains the best of the bunch.
rotten	The film is dour and lumbering, with only a handful of rousing scenes to justify the blatantly financial choice to split the novel into two films.
fresh	Top-notch casting and a well-paced slow burn make "The Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part One" the best film in the franchise yet...and leave us with the perfect opportunity to have our minds blown next year.
fresh	An exciting expertly paced build-up to what should be an incredible conclusion next year.
rotten	The converted will be satisfied, or at least show up to the theater in obeisant force. Money will be made and anticipation stoked for next year's blowout finale. It's a circle-vicious to some, a religion to others-with no end in sight.
fresh	It doesn't pull the trick off quite as slickly as it should, but it never fails to engage us and more importantly, it leaves us wanting more.
fresh	A transitional time in the life of a leader-in-the-making played beautifully by Jennifer Lawrence.
rotten	This uneventful installment basically treads water while functioning as a setup for the upcoming dramatic conclusion
rotten	Weak source material split into two films for no creative advantage only results in a disappointing artistic decision ruled by financial greed. The film anti-climatically makes us wait and leaves us asking: "For what?"
rotten	A ridiculous, bloated, stumbling Baron Harkonnen of a movie; depressing, dull and flatulent with wasted angst. It don't got no bounce.
fresh	I was afraid this was going to be another case where a greedy studio doing a book adaptation managed to screw things up by splitting a book in half, ending up with a movie with half a story, but this one works out O.K.
rotten	It's an elaborate game of hurry-up-and-wait. And it's the most shameless example yet of splitting the final book in a hugely popular series into two film adaptations.
fresh	So do we blame the very existence of The Hunger Games: Mockingjay -- Part 1 on Han Solo or Harry Potter?
rotten	Dark and too often tedious.
fresh	The penultimate episode in the franchise feels like the mighty inhale that precedes a noisy, explosive sneeze. We must wait another year for release.
fresh	A spiky media satire about the making and marketing of a revolution that most definitely will be televised.
rotten	Enjoy counting the cash, Lionsgate.
rotten	There's no worry about spoilers, because there's nothing to spoil. If anything, it's the movie that's spoiled from too much padding.
fresh	Remains entertaining, in large part because of Lawrence, but the decision to split the final chapter in two was a mistake.
rotten	Besides being padded with scenes that go on too long and drive home the same story beat that's already been established, Mockingjay - Part 1 is just plain dull. There's only one major plot revelation in the entire movie, and it's obvious from the outset.
rotten	The movie is leaden and uneventful, clearly marking time for Part 2 to deliver the big action set pieces and the dramatic consequences of Katniss' choices.
rotten	Spends an inordinate amount of time teaching Katniss the importance of propaganda. Really? If I wanted to learn about propaganda film-making I'd watch a documentary on Leni Riefenstahl
fresh	To be honest, Mockingjay Part 1 is probably the weakest of the three so far, but if this is as bad as it gets, that is still something of a triumph.
fresh	Jennifer Lawrence is the only actor of her age equipped to convey Katniss' burden.
fresh	One of the year's smartest, boldest blockbusters, The Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part 1 treats its audience with respect and assumes we have high expectations - and it more than delivers the goods.
fresh	Melancholy, violent sequel sets stage for waging war.
rotten	Just like Catching Fire, The Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part I is one long and boring journey leading to one surprising moment that isn't worth the two hours it takes to get to its destination.
fresh	Might it have been better if they'd squeezed the whole book into one movie? Probably. Nonetheless, Mockingjay Part 1 is a fine entertainment, shot through with moments of surprising emotional impact.
fresh	A solid entry in the series, and lays an intriguing foundation for Part 2, but Mockingjay - Part 1 is rarely as entertaining or rewarding as its predecessors.
fresh	Though I completely understand the thought process behind the decision, there simply isn't enough action in "Part 1" to justify a separate movie.
rotten	I was bored.
fresh	Lawrence never lets the oversized settings swamp his talented performers.
fresh	With Mockingjay - Part I, the series becomes a clever commentary on the genre it helped cement.
fresh	There's dramatic tension, a good deal of emotion, and one heck of a setup for the next movie. But frequently this warm-up seems like it's huffing and puffing without generating a lot of real heat.
fresh	May not work on a stand-alone level, but if you've become invested in the series, it's an important, thoughtful bridge between what has already happened and what is yet to come.
fresh	Mockingjay succeeds where the book failed
rotten	To say Lawrence is a terrific actress wouldn't even scratch the surface, as she deserves high praise for somehow making an uninteresting Part 1 watchable.
fresh	Lawrence's performance roils with stress and fear, as it did in the first two films, and director Francis Lawrence stays with her, up close, from start to finish, visually mirroring the script's examination of Katniss's cult of personality.
rotten	Dour, dreary, disappointing installment, milking every last dime out of the franchise's devoted following.
fresh	A heady action drama that minimizes the dull romantic triangle. ... Enough satisfying story movement to stand as a complete chapter.
rotten	Hollow, emotionally constipated, and unexpectedly sluggish.
fresh	Jennifer Lawrence's charisma and the the sly excellence of her supporting cast keep "The Hunger Games: Mockingjay, Part 1" aloft.
rotten	It's hard to make a good blockbuster about a hero being virtually useless.
rotten	Not even the ferociously talented Jennifer Lawrence, whose greatest skill is breathing life into lifeless material, can work her magic here.
fresh	This four-part franchise, based on the Suzanne Collins novels, turns very dark with this strikingly bold third film, which once again makes the most of perspective to recount a parable about normal people rising up against oppression.
rotten	I'm not here to mock "Mockingjay Part 1," and can state with confidence that it can only go up from here, (yet) this entire exercise seems merely a hurdle that must be jumped in order to move onto the conclusion.
rotten	It's not as snooze worthy as the first part of "Harry Potter's" finale, but that's the only good news out of Mockingjay Part One.
rotten	...a shameless cash-grab designed to extend the life of this profitable series.
fresh	'Mockingjay, Part 1" is only half awesome because it is only half a movie. Suzanne Collins' final book in the trilogy has been segmented into two films, massacring the momentum the previous films had delicately built.
rotten	Mockingjay has more exposition than a TED Talk, more rubble than a decade of The Flintstones, and absolutely no nonmonetary reason to be Part 1 of anything. It isn't storytelling. It's a filibuster.
fresh	The vast majority of credit for 'The Hunger Games' franchise should go to the cast, and most importantly to Jennifer Lawrence, without whom this sucker would surely crash and burn.
fresh	The end result is a serving of dystopian-pop entertainment lifted over the middling mark by the humanity supplied by the cast.
fresh	Mockingjay is by far the bleakest of the movies so far. Yet this first part of the last book in the Suzanne Collins series may also be the most potent.
rotten	As an actress, Lawrence has grown beyond this sort of thing, and the entire enterprise, directed by Francis Lawrence, feels like a massive placeholder for the grand finale.
fresh	This installment substitutes psychological action for physical thrills.
fresh	Mockingjay - Part 1 is just big enough of a story that, even as a two-parter, the film feels substantial and justifiably halved. There's simply too much to digest as all the pieces are put into place and the real games are set to begin.
rotten	Katniss' concern for the anti-sexy Peeta results in her spending quite a bit of the movie in po-faced mopery.
fresh	I'd be lying if I said that it could stand on its own. That, of course, is the difference between a good sequel and a good movie.
rotten	The book's critics say this the weakest of the three novels. True or not, the ultra slow Mockingjay - Part 1 is part one of a story that definitely doesn't warrant two parts.
fresh	Katniss proves she can handle the action as it spills out of the arena. Binge viewing is encouraged...
fresh	This is the "Empire Strikes Back" of the series, with the heroes constantly on defense - running, hiding, planning, hoping.
fresh	This is filler in every way you can look at it. Good filler, but still filler.
rotten	Mockingjay Part 1 is a hideously boring, bleak film. They've taken thirty minutes of plot, then stretched it out like taffy into an insufferable two hours.
fresh	This transitional effort's teething problems aside, it's crammed with well-drawn characters and intelligent ideas, meaning the franchise remains as robust and rule-breaking as its idiosyncratic protagonist.
rotten	The effect of so many Oscar-calibre actors speaking the generic dialogue is like watching pro ballplayers play T-ball.
fresh	"Mockingjay - Part 1," however well done, can't compete with the first two films, although it sets up what should be its stunning ending well enough.
fresh	The series' powerful momentum hardly slows at all during "Mockingjay Part 1," carried through by Suzanne Collins persuasive (and still alarmingly downbeat) vision, and by the chops of the performers ...
fresh	If Mockingjay - Part 1 is quieter and less flashy than its predecessors, that doesn't make it less satisfying.
fresh	Once you accept that the splitting of Mockingjay is a business decision, not a dramatic imperative, Part 1 comes off as a curiously satisfying nonaction movie.
fresh	With one more film to go, it's clear that the filmmakers are saving their big guns, and big battles, for next year's finale. For the most part, this penultimate episode is dour, dark and talky: jaw, jaw rather than war, war .
fresh	Captivating as both drama and allegory, and may even one-up the previous two entries in terms of its force of will and emotional complexity.
rotten	The greedy money grab for four movies rather than three is the epicenter of the film's problems.
fresh	Jennifer Lawrence is as good as always and gets a few key scenes to play up the emotional aspect of what's occurring. (Full Content Review -- Sex, Profanity, etc. -- for Parents also available)
fresh	Although Jennifer Lawrence hasn't earned an Oscar for her performances as Katniss Everdeen, no one can mock her 'Hunger Games' role.
fresh	Lawrence's conviction and presence is what anchors the film and makes the wildest absurdities of the storyline work.
rotten	It seems just one very elaborate preparation for the last episode and I do think that the fans have been conned, to a certain extent, that this episode has been split into two.
fresh	The strength of this third manifestation of The Hunger Games is in the cast and in the screenplay.
rotten	May be essential to series fans, but it feels more like a TV series arc episode than a feature film.
fresh	The third episode in the teen franchise is darker, deeper and braver.
fresh	When director Francis Lawrence takes chances by moving away from the book, the film sparkles.
rotten	As played by Hutcherson, [Peeta] has all the charisma of the least interesting member of the Yale crew team. Three movies in, [his bond with Katniss appears] more desperately theoretical than ever.
fresh	Considering the restrictions of only telling half a story, though, Mockingjay is as every bit as good as could be expected.
fresh	Just as the messianic rebel leader Katniss Everdeen has found her footing, the hit "Hunger Games" film series has become more assured with its latest installment.
fresh	The overwhelming theme? Don't trust grown-ups
fresh	This is as grim as PG-13 can get; the darkness is comparable to that of The Empire Strikes Back.
fresh	It's solid, though it's the least inspired of the three films to date, existing primarily as a bridge between the second film and the finale.
fresh	Skips the exhilarating games of the first two films and matures into a thought-provoking blockbuster that further distances the franchise from its would-be YA competition.
rotten	The Girl On Fire has gone up in smoke.
rotten	Lawrence delivers on what dramatic beats half a novel affords him. You just wish there were more of them and that they provided a more complete, more satisfying story arc.
fresh	Collins and the Lawrences have crossed the uncanny valley separating imagined dystopia from actual horrors, but they're also delivering a life lesson in cinema to teens: Things are stronger when they look real.
fresh	The Hunger Games is declining in power, but not as steeply as I thought, and this weird, operatic nightmare still inhabits the screen with confidence.
fresh	Is it worth sitting through this movie knowing full well that almost everything exciting and engaging is being saved for the finale? The answer is a qualified, with many reservations, "Yes."
fresh	It's a well-executed, occasionally daring exploration of war, propaganda, and guilt that's easy to watch, but occasionally difficult to stomach.
fresh	OK, there's less action in Games this time, but what's there is prime. And the acting is aces.
rotten	We can almost hear this revolution's resounding rallying cry: 'Hurry up and wait!'
fresh	If it's more talky and less satisfying than its predecessor, the propulsive The Hunger Games: Catching Fire - largely because the conclusion won't come until next year with Part 2 - it's still a sporadically involving adventure.
fresh	Katniss is treated as a pawn when she's clearly a queen, her image constantly co-opted by entities beyond her control trying to use it for their own ends. No wonder Lawrence plays her so well.
rotten	Lawrence and Banks do their best, but this film is a big, murky bore.
fresh	Katniss has little to do but react to the actions of others, though she does get to blow stuff up with her bow and enjoy a literal save the cat moment.
fresh	All the moving parts operate seamlessly in 'Mockingjay;' the first half of 'The Hunger Games' Trilogy. This is a series that gets better with each installment.
fresh	The impressive supporting cast (which features Philip Seymour Hoffman, Julianne Moore, Jeffrey Wright, and Woody Harrelson) keeps this highly watchable.
rotten	Where Catching Fire seemed fresh and fun, Mockingjay gets stuck in a cycle of titillation, suggesting more than it's willing to offer, as it introduces big ideas before cautiously reverting back to a repetitive cycle of tired teen tropes.
rotten	It makes for lumpy storytelling that never quite hits its stride.
rotten	The characters, once fresh and immediate creations, move like solemn chess pieces across the screen. Each scene, once tight and energized, feels sluggish and protracted. The crisp dialogue, now flabby and perfunctory, fails to propel the narrative along.
rotten	Audiences have a long year to wait for Part 2. Would it not have been better to leave them breathless than heaving a sigh?
fresh	Part 1 is the rare adaptation that also solves a bunch of its source material's problems... But frustratingly, Part 1 is very much that: a preface to a final confrontation.
fresh	There's enough here to at least keep fans of the series involved and eagerly awaiting the grand finale.
fresh	"Mockingjay" is a rare bird in its genre, an action adventure with an interesting mind and a resonant spirit.
fresh	There's plenty of foreshadowing of what is to come but the story doesn't so much come to an end as have an intermission.
rotten	Lethally slow and repetitive, this warm-up act for the grand finale may please diehards but it feels like a Coming Attraction.
fresh	More politically-driven than its predecessors, the feature manages to keep the story's momentum going while giving more attention to its supporting characters.
fresh	Jennifer Lawrence holds everything together, ensuring by her sheer presence that you are willing to stick with it to the bitter end even as it feels that everything is in a holding position waiting for take off.
fresh	Although it doesn't make a lick of sense as a stand-alone story, "Mockingjay - Part 1" is the first "Hunger Games" movie with meat on its bones.
fresh	Although the great performances and promise of what's to come help offset the listless pacing and general needlessness of splitting the final book into two movies, the whole thing feels like one giant tease for "Part 2."
rotten	This dark-and-dour installment suffers from saga sag, which is the effort of the Hollywood studios to stretch a stirring girl power series with a monster fan-base beyond reasonable limits for the sake of lucre.
rotten	The major handicap of Mockingjay - Part 1 is that just that -- part one of two films made from one book.
fresh	The second-to-last movie pitfalls strike, but the series has earned enough good faith to make Part 1 essential viewing.
fresh	"The Hunger Games" has turned into a cliff hanger serial with long waits for the next installment, but the overall quality of the cast and production still earn it a grudging respect.
rotten	After its first two terrific installments, the newest edition of "The Hunger Games" left me hungry, like a feast that's stunningly prepared but flavorless and non-nutritious.
fresh	IMockingjay's placeholder status is a little too evident in its choppy, shapeless structure, this dark third chapter does have stretches of somber beauty.
fresh	Mockingjay - Part 1 is as dingy and dark as Blade Runner, but just as fascinating. No more party dresses catching fire. No more fantasy games. In their place is a war tableau that seems realistic, even if this is a futuristic fantasy film.
fresh	Although unmistakeably laying the groundwork for the finale, there is - for a series ostensibly aimed at adolescent girls - more genuine tension and bona fide thrills than Iron Man, Thor and Captain America rolled into one.
fresh	"Mockingjay Part 1" is streamlined, blunt and easy.
rotten	More often than not, Lawrence stands with jaw slack and brow scrunched, staring ahead to a murky future, one that won't be resolved until, oh, about this time next year.
rotten	Jennifer Lawrence is stuck in a crowded bunker for two hours, waiting for the action to start. That's how you'll feel watching this movie.
rotten	With no real beginning and no real ending, the unsatisfying Mockingjay Part 1 is essentially all middle -- one big, stretched out, watered-down second act.
fresh	The stealth highlight of this franchise has always been the flavorful cultural satire, which takes center stage throughout much of Mockingjay's fleet runtime.
fresh	"Mockingjay - Part 1" is a penultimate chapter without a real ending, but it's also a thrilling ride full of potent emotions, new characters and major twists of fate, built around another commanding star performance.
rotten	You leave this well-acted, impeccably designed movie as you entered it: still waiting.
fresh	Mockingjay may lack the action and excitement of the previous two movies, but it makes up for it in greater emotional and thematic resonance.
fresh	That Mockingjay maintains such a high level while evolving from a futuristic war film into a straight-up political thriller is an incredible achievement, even if it comes at the expense of the action some have come to expect.
fresh	DIVING back into the dystopian world of Panem and its arrow-firing heroine Katniss Everdeen continues to be a heady and exhilarating experience.
fresh	Turns out when Collins wrote Mockingjay in 2010, she was predicting not only America in two centuries but also the accidental, overnight Internet instafame just four years away.
fresh	The revolution isn't just televised in the latest Hunger Games instalment; it's subdivided.
rotten	The film ultimately rests on Lawrence, and though she never disappoints, a single actress -- even one as lovely and lovable as she -- cannot save a blockbuster film.
fresh	Complexo, inteligente e tristemente contemporaneo.
rotten	This is the way modern-day blockbuster franchises are designed: You watch the new film so that you know what's going on in preparation for the next one
rotten	Mockingjay - Part 1 does get a mid-film lift when Katniss and Gale go up against Snow's air force with a few bows and arrows; the scene is ridiculous, and it works. But the rest is a muddy, underlit slog, a movie that searches in vain for its own pulse.
rotten	Table setting for a meal that won't be served until next November.
fresh	For all that 'Mockingjay' gets right, when the credits roll, you're still only halfway through the story, and the two hours or so feel more like a chapter than a complete whole.
fresh	When the story finally does manage to get interesting toward the end, it just screeches to a halt and cuts off, leaving fans wriggling on the hook for a finale they won't get to see for another 12 months. That's not a cliff-hanger, that's just a tease.
fresh	Lawrence shines. It's the rare actor who can show so much rage, hate, pain and hope in a single look. But she does.
fresh	... the franchise continues to entertain and evolve, not perfectly but smartly, so we can't wait to see what's next. That's what counts when all is said, done and deposited in the bank.
fresh	It's a joyless, surpassingly dour enterprise, but one that fulfills its mission with Katniss's own eagle-eyed efficiency and unsentimental somberness. "Mockingjay" sets up the end Game with a grim sense of purpose.
fresh	Is there enough here to keep us interested? Yes, but there's a frustrating sense of time being marked in much of "Part 1" and the script often veers into no-duh territory.
fresh	Director Francis Lawrence does a nice job capturing the claustrophobic environment of District 13 and has a good eye for action shots. But the actors are what really sell the movie.
rotten	The least satisfying "Hunger Games" entry yet.
fresh	As a metaphor for the way we respond to the media, and the way our politics are funneled through the media lens, the film succeeds most when it revels in ambiguity.
fresh	Lawrence, ever commanding and vulnerable, even delivers a song in a smoky voice that's vaguely reminiscent of Norah Jones. Place those EGOT 2025 bets now.
fresh	As an adaptation of part of the third book by Suzanne Collins, it's easily the most political of the three films. It's also the most absorbing and best in the series.
fresh	Mockingjay - Part 1 is a serviceable entry into the conclusion of Katniss's saga. It boasts some imaginative visuals, a few truly thrilling moments, and standout performances from Lawrence, Banks, Harrelson, and Hoffman, to whom the film is dedicated.
rotten	A dull, claustrophobic, pallid-looking film about people looking into and talking at screens. When the end finally comes, it's from out of nowhere, except it's not really an ending, more like a work stoppage.
rotten	For a film about the power of media to sway humanity in a desired direction, it's awfully leaden.
fresh	This is a movie best enjoyed on a scene-by-scene basis, because the overall story is really a bit of a mess.
fresh	A dark, grim and exciting entertainment.
fresh	Without giving anything away, let's just say the pause button has been pressed with tantalising precision. Same time next year, then? You bet.
rotten	In this chapter, Katniss Everdeen, the working-class rebel played by Jennifer Lawrence, mostly holsters her weapons and plays dress-up, just as the movie itself gives up any higher aspirations of offering social commentary or insight.
fresh	As transitional, franchise placeholder movies go, Mockingjay - Part 1 could be a lot worse. But it's still just a preamble to the big show. So let's get on with it.
fresh	Even though Mockingjay contains scenes of mass graves and mass slaughter on the battlefield, this isn't a movie, or a set of characters, built on bloodlust or the enjoyment of anonymous kills.
fresh	Yes, there is the usual teacup storm of romance, a girl caught between two boys, as in the Twilight series, but The Hunger Games offers teenagers a much more important set of questions to ponder.
rotten	Nothing more than a prelude to next year's finale. The material is way too thin to sustain two movies.
rotten	Jennifer Lawrence and a lot of blah blah blah.
rotten	We're meant to feel the weight of Katniss' situation, and we do, but the picture can also fairly be called leaden...
fresh	I took my 14-year-old niece to see it, and she emphatically expressed "Oh my God! It was amazing!" You can't beat that.
rotten	Thinly spreads a half-hour's worth of plot over two plodding hours.
rotten	If you want drama, and action - and, most especially, Katniss in charge - well, buy another ticket, next year.
rotten	There are moments when "The Hunger Games: Mockingjay - Part 1" takes flight, but overall this action-drama flits about, wondering where to land.
rotten	Dull, dark and relentlessly glum.
fresh	I remain impressed, and I'm excited to see how they bring it all home a year from now.
fresh	The Hunger Games: Mockingjay - Part 1 often plays like a waiting game, but it solidifies the star and ideas of the franchise as the true heroes behind the YA phenomenon.
rotten	We'll never know if there was a more visual way to convey this story. The filmmakers didn't have to. They just got the time to throw everything at the screen.
fresh	What was a tamed rip-off of the gory 'Battle Royale' becomes more like Steven Soderbergh's 'Che': a cerebral look at the gruntwork of revolution - with the YA-required threeway love story, of course.
rotten	What do you get when you greedily split a book in two? Long-winded filler with only pockets of tense action. Or, in Hunger Games terms: all smoke, no Girl on Fire.
fresh	Grey and grim, this really isn't kids' stuff, but the kids won't be deterred.
fresh	Mockingjay merits the split - it perhaps even gives some balance and rhythm to a story that might've felt rushed were the events crammed into a single movie.
fresh	Lawrence's instincts are so smart that she never goes even a shade overboard. She's a hell of an actress.
rotten	A disappointing follow-up to 'Catching Fire.' You're left feeling as if you've only watched half a movie without the same feeling of anticipation to see what happens next.
fresh	The Hunger Games: Mockingjay is going to be one hell of a film. In its current form as Mockingjay Part 1, it's half of one.
fresh	Capitalising on the Jennifer Lawrence factor, Part 1 will please the fans, although there is too much padding around the key thrilling sequence; the film would have been more complete had the two parts of the split finale been merged.
fresh	It's the blockbuster reimagined for a modern age of social consciousness, in which having the right idea means nothing if you can't also make a meme out of it.
fresh	Thrilling in its own right, but not as thrilling as what we sense is to come, this is a tasty appetizer for the main event with a nice line in sardonic satire and, as ever, a belting lead performance from Jennifer Lawrence.
rotten	The two-hour foot-soldier slog through Mockingjay Part 1 forces audiences into mostly wasteful waiting for something special to happen.
fresh	One of the best SF series ever deepens its critique of the power of propaganda in ways complicated, intriguingly contradictory, and a little bit horrifying.
fresh	The power of emotions in filmmaking is at the heart of this beautifully constructed and self-aware blockbuster. Can't wait for Mockingjay 2.
rotten	It might make economic sense for Lionsgate Pictures to carve the novel in two but it means this movie is all built-up with a distinct lack of excitement.
fresh	I wait with almost-bated breath for part two, a year from now. But I wish I didn't have to.
fresh	The politics of Mockingjay are as intensely gripping as the games in the earlier films -- and more deadly.
fresh	The drama and tone are powerful and effective and Lawrence makes an exceptionally charismatic heroine, but an almost total lack of action means this is less catching fire than treading water.
fresh	The film-makers have kept Collins's best lines, allowing Liam Hemsworth and Josh Hutcherson, as Katniss's two love rivals, to show off their genuine acting skills.
fresh	Lawrence is again tremendous as Katniss. She gives her character an emotional depth that you don't expect in a franchise movie, conveying her vulnerability and doubt as well as well as her fiery determination and Barbarella-like sex appeal.
fresh	Mockingjay is, of course, fundamentally meant to be an engaging piece of entertainment... However, it's also a story in which the protagonist can be looked at as not just an unlikely hero, but a deconstruction of what a hero is or is meant to be.
fresh	Finds its success in meaningful themes, character-driven story, and smart execution, and ultimately creates some impressive depth for the phenomenon franchise.
fresh	Thrilling, heartfelt, and a terrific curtain-raiser for the final battle, Mockingjay Part 1 takes the Hunger Games series to new heights even as it sings in its own voice.
fresh	The Hunger Games films are strikingly brilliant critiques of the military-entertainment complex.
fresh	The series' two-part finale gets under way in solid, absorbing if not exactly inspired fashion.
fresh	While this Part 1 is light on old-fashioned adventure it does offer up a tough - and at times moving - transition for its lead character.
fresh	The special effects are limp and the script a little creaky, although somehow it still manages to thrill.
fresh	With measure and muscle, Lawrences Jennifer and Francis nail the job of selling the long, twisting road towards revolution.
rotten	Like an overgrown and bloated trailer for a film yet to come, Francis Lawrence's The Hunger Games: Mockingjay - Part 1 spreads perhaps 45 minutes of dramatic material across two far-too-leisurely hours.
fresh	Still very much a Hunger Games movie, yes, but it calls to mind smart political comedies like Wag the Dog and Tanner '88 as well.
fresh	As terrific as that first act is and as mostly entertaining as what follows is, Hunger Games: Catching Fire part I is half of a single story and mostly concerned with setting up however the series ends.
rotten	All queue, no roller-coaster.
fresh	Stylish, gripping and surprisingly thoughtful.
fresh	The Empire Strikes Back of the Hunger Games series.
fresh	Mockingjay Part 1 is a powerful, moving, penultimate chapter.
fresh	A brilliant finale to a thrilling, if wildly afield adaptation.
fresh	Jackson bows out of Middle Earth on a relative high, and fleetingly reminds us how great he once was in this world.
rotten	The battle for the Lonely Mountain took way too long.
fresh	A stirring and fitting conclusion of a memorable trilogy.
fresh	Seems a trifle weary, as if everyone were exhausted and anxious to finally get it over with.
fresh	Visually, the film is 21st century digital filmmaking at its best... Magnificently realised with what appears to be a limitless budget...director Peter Jackson and his team have gone all out with the staging of Middle-earth war.
rotten	A disappointing messy instalment, this combination of battle scenes and soap-opera marks an extraordinary achievement - the completion of a 20 year journey in Middle-earth by Peter Jackson
fresh	'Battle of the Five Armies' is the least of the six movies, as it features one extended, cacophonous assault where our hero Bilbo (Martin Freeman) hardly factors into the action at all.
rotten	A coda that goes on for too long, with a smattering of pieces that don't quite fit into any part of the whole puzzle.
rotten	The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies feels more like a film made for those with a deep, vested interest in arguing about what was left out from the book, or what was added in and shouldn't have been.
fresh	While the action scenes are eye-popping, for me the film becomes something special in stiller moments, with the megalomaniac Thorin raving, questioning, justifying, swerving towards evil.
rotten	It's still hard to believe that the sturdy pleasures and arresting craft of Peter Jackson's first Middle-earth trilogy with The Lord of the Rings has been so thoroughly undone by the repetitive excess and clumsy additions of The Hobbit, his second one.
fresh	Those who resisted the urge to kick the Hobbit habit during those agonisingly sluggish first two episodes will be rewarded with all the sprawling spectacle and grandiose drama they can possibly handle.
rotten	This is comfortably straightforward hokum -- which is to say that Jackson, for all his delusions of grandeur, remains a bit of a hobbit at heart.
rotten	At this point it's fair to say that Jackson's weakness for narrative bloat has now officially defeated him.
fresh	It's my least favorite of the new trilogy, but to get to those dizzying heights you'd need those eagles that always seem to show up like cops in action films...after the fighting is done.
fresh	Still a must-see in the theater for "Lord of the Rings" fans, but this trilogy might have been better served by being just two films.
fresh	The final installment of Peter Jackson's trilogy adapting J.R.R. Tolkien's novel, and while it's neither the best nor the worst of the three films it brings the story to a satisfying conclusion. Mostly because it is a conclusion, but still.
fresh	While Peter Jackson could not reach the bar set a decade earlier by his own hands, his shortcomings are still more impressive and entertaining than the majority of adventure fantasy movies that have come and gone.
fresh	Maybe not as fun as Smaug, Battle caps Jackson's six-part masterpiece
fresh	The last chapter passes muster, but I'm glad it's done
fresh	Even if the script sacrifices some context for spectacle, many of these characters feel like old friends by now to series devotees, and that's the target audience here. For them, Jackson delivers a crowd-pleasing finale.
rotten	The level of badness the Hobbit movies achieved is downright shocking.
rotten	The sad irony is that - given the enormous familiarity with Jackson's cinematic Middle-earth and the almost identical structure and conflict of both trilogies - the sixth and final film is a slog of an exercise; one of stubborn inevitability.
fresh	Martin Freeman's beautifully nuanced work as Bilbo is the beating heart of this adventure.
rotten	It is a sweeping spectacle that is so caught up in its own desire to overtake and outdo its predecessors that it forgot its most important ingredient - the need to capture the imagination of its viewers.
rotten	a bad movie left to die by an exhausted filmmaker.
fresh	The bigness of the battle scenes in this part of "The Hobbit" masks the fact that Jackson and his co-writers ... have left themselves too little of Tolkien's story to fill a third movie.
fresh	The film's cast is as game as ever to bring the story to life and the special effects continue to amaze
fresh	The sprawling confrontations and many sideline fights in "Five Armies" equal overkill. A few quieter, character-revealing scenes provide some respite.
fresh	...Five Armies falls short but still manages to be a rollicking good ride and a decent-enough farewell to the world of hobbits, orcs, elves and dwarves.
rotten	The Battle of the Five Armies isn't the worst of the three Hobbit films as some are calling it but it's undoubtedly flawed.
rotten	A better title for THE HOBBIT: THE BATTLE OF THE FIVE ARMIES would be: 'Rubbish: The Desolation of Tolkien'.
rotten	"Armies" Finally Gets us Back Again
fresh	While director Peter Jackson does a fine job with the many battle scenes, no charcter, other than Bilbo, is fleshed out. This is a good action film, but it lacks character.
fresh	works reasonably well in bringing the story to a satisfying conclusion while also delivering a cavalcade of action sequences that, unlike some of the action in the earlier films, is narratively justified and effectively rendered
fresh	The entertaining, but bloated and overdue, climax to The Hobbit.
fresh	Just part of a film. At least we get the ending we're looking for, and it's pretty spectacular to see.
rotten	Every time the film cuts to Martin Freeman as Bilbo, the nominal central character now stuck on the sidelines with next to nothing to do, it's clear how wrong all this has gone.
rotten	I initially felt nothing, then gradually pain.
fresh	With some of the most exciting hand-to-hand combat I've ever seen portrayed onscreen the final film in "The Hobbit" trilogy really delivers the goods.
rotten	Thank goodness The Hobbit is over. Now we can go back and watch The Lord of the Rings again.
rotten	By inserting so much filler into the second movie, this finale is saddled with the need to pay it all off. Consequently, the unfocused story meanders all over the place.
rotten	A fatiguing popcorn movie... [but] so, so much better than the meandering idiocy of the last two movies.
fresh	Jackson's at once digressive and bombastic style clearly grates for some. But there's a singular earnestness and enthusiasm to these movies that sets them apart from their many soulless imitators.
fresh	Peter Jackson's Battle of the Five Armies ends his Hobbit trilogy on a somewhat underwhelming note, but it's worth taking that final trip to his Middle-earth.
fresh	Trilogy conclusion has thrilling, violent battle scenes.
fresh	Untold manpower, pixels, and money culminate in the gangbusters final installment. It can't redeem the useless tedium of the first two, which exist for gargantuan profits and structural necessity.
fresh	If you can forgive all the behind-the-scenes nonsense and focus on the completed movie, you may find it to be a joyous, rousing adventure - even one for the ages.
fresh	The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies is a fine goodbye. It should have been a lot more meaningful than it ends up being.
fresh	Does anyone expect more than a frantic, action-packed finale that still can't measure up to any of the "Rings?"
fresh	Fortunately, there's not a single scene of dwarves wandering the hills or sitting around a table singing.
rotten	This trilogy comes precariously close to making its title character the MacGuffin.
rotten	An action-packed muddle...
rotten	The narrative is routinely marred by schlocky comic relief...
rotten	Well, at least there won't be another one for a while.
rotten	Let's call it the 'seafood extender' of sequels. It takes up room on the plate, but there's no meat here.
fresh	For all the endless detours and special effects traffic jams, this is still a trip you want to take, if only to say you survived the journey.
fresh	Has the added benefit of giving 92-year-old Christopher Lee one last (perhaps) chance to be a bad-ass onscreen...
rotten	The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies is one film too far, tedious and overlong and short on most of the elements that made the first two work.
rotten	It's adequately visionary, it's routinely spectacular, it breathes fire and yet somehow feels room-temperature.
fresh	Once again, Peter Jackson finishes strong.
rotten	It plays out as if someone chucked a whole bunch of carefully detailed Warhammer figurines into a centrifuge -- goblins, goats, dwarfs, wizards and wolves bouncing off one another in waves of alternating tedium and punishment.
fresh	With The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies, Jackson and company manage to stick the landing in a way that should leave fans satisfied with their final visit to Middle-earth.
rotten	The series has started to look retro in the wrong way: retro Jackson, reaching back only into itself.
fresh	Yes, The Battle of the Five Armies is the best of the Hobbit movies by far. But it's still a far cry from the glory of Jackson's Rings cycle, which benefited from a much more defined quest.
fresh	It's a big, bold, schizophrenic pageant that still manages to work on a surprising number of levels -- creative liberties and indulgences be damned.
rotten	Up until now, Jackson's movies have fired up my imagination -- this one seems intent on shutting it down.
fresh	Jackson could have (and should have) pulled this story off in one less movie, but you've come too far on the journey to turn back now, right?
fresh	Peter Jackson's equally exhilarating and exhausting Hobbit trilogy comes to a rousing, if not totally satisfying, conclusion with The Battle of the Five Armies, a war-ravaged adventure that is by turns breathtaking, beautiful, brutal, and boring.
fresh	Thankfully the ending packs a surprising amount of punch and the stakes are raised for an emotional conclusion.
rotten	After 13 years and two Middle-earth trilogies, Jackson goes out with a bang, a combustible visual mix resembling a violent video game that could use one or two more edit sessions.
fresh	Although [this film] is easily the best entry in the (theoretically) Bilbo-centric franchise, the inherent problems with blowing up a compact children's fantasy book into a three-part epic film series... is never more apparent than it is here.
rotten	To put it as politely as possible, there simply isn't enough material there to sustain three good features.
fresh	The performances have remained continuously excellent throughout The Hobbit trilogy, and they remain so here.
rotten	Mindless CGI spectacle overpowers every aspect of Peter Jackson's concluding Tolkien adaptation; like the other installments of this lumbering trilogy, it's more tech-demo than movie.
fresh	With spectacular visuals and the occasionally fun 3D effects, Jackson has once again given the fans something to savor.
fresh	If this truly is the end of this tale on the big-screen, it's going out in grand fashion.
fresh	Even Jackson seems a little weary of Middle-earth by now, a land whose cinematic history The Battle of the Five Armies brings to an overly delayed close.
rotten	What is perhaps most depressing about Jackson's swollen Hobbit enterprise is the way it retrospectively diminishes his Lord of the Rings trilogy.
fresh	The best of the three but the film's theme of the downside of greed is lost on Peter Jackson whose three films should have been one or -- at the most -- two.
fresh	The pleasure is intense, and mixed with awe. There is majesty here, and not just because we're in the presence of magnificently regal madness.
rotten	Talk about beating a dead orc. In dutifully completing his prequel trilogy to his Lord of the Rings triumph, Peter Jackson has sadly saved the worst for last. The Battle of the Five Armies is 20 percent inspiration, 80 percent desperation.
fresh	Jackson brings it home with a bang with this final film...exciting and emotional..flies by in a roiling series of climaxes, each carrying a new level of tension and thrill.
rotten	One ring to rule them all, and one fatty final installment to remind us that this trilogy should have been a single movie, not three.
rotten	Look, if you were as bloated as The Hobbit trilogy, you'd probably be showing signs of exhaustion toward the end of a nearly nine-hour runtime, too.
rotten	The meat of the story has already been told; all that's left now is the third-act battle and the tying up of threads whose beginnings we may well have forgotten.
fresh	With Five Armies, Jackson again exercises his strengths, and he pares away some of the self-indulgence and silliness that's gotten in the way with this follow-up trilogy.
fresh	A rousing end to the trilogy. How much longer will the Blu-ray versions be, my precious?
fresh	The performances of Freeman, Armitage as Thorin, and Ian McKellen as Gandalf the Grey secure Jackson's sprawling spectacle to visceral bedrock.
fresh	One of Hollywood's best in splitting up the cinematic cellular DNA of one story into three, Peter Jackson is a master of mitosis. He now concludes a trilogy in traditional too-long but epic fashion after spending 513 screen minutes on only 445 pages.
fresh	What Five Armies lacks in the sinister, it makes up for in bellicosity and brio.
fresh	Minor griping aside, The Hobbit: The Battle Of Five Armies is a success that brings the Tolkien Estate's film dealings with Peter Jackson to a triumphant close.
fresh	The "Hobbit" trilogy started slowly and ended with a rush, heroes and villians fighting it out over a mountain of gold. What kid of any age can resist that?
fresh	Fighting -- presented with Jackson's usual double helpings of visual splendor, emotional oomph and low-key comedy -- is what "Battle of the Five Armies" is all about.
rotten	The most interesting parts of The Battle of the Five Armies wind up being table-setting for The Lord of the Rings (hi, Galadriel!).
fresh	If it is the lesser sibling of the towering accomplishment of the Lord of the Rings trilogy, so be it. It still goes leaps and bounds beyond what most filmmakers would attempt.
fresh	While more than enough praise has been poured on Jackson and his singular gift for CG spectacle, Martin Freeman deserves some credit for lending humor and humanity to what could have been a numbing orgy of pixelated mayhem.
fresh	Not many directors can put on a show like Jackson, and here he gives full vent to his most flamboyant instincts.
rotten	The magic, fleeting to start with, is mostly gone.
fresh	There's finally a genuine sense of breathless urgency to the concluding chapter, which pits man against dwarf against elf against orc in an elegantly crafted, altogether glorious skirmish for supremacy over the Lonely Mountain
rotten	It may occasionally seem to be aware of its undiluted preposterousness, but that hardly eases the experience of sitting through its endless cartoonish action sequences and overwrought emotional payoffs.
rotten	Pray that Peter Jackson doesn't tackle the "Foundation" series next.
rotten	If you're a fan of Smaug, or expect anything near closure on the dragon laboriously set-up to be the primary antagonist of this world, perhaps another moviegoing choice this holiday season will be more satisfying.
fresh	There is definitely a great deal to keep track of here, but I found it all terrific fun.
rotten	Fight scenes that go on --- and on --- and on...Talk about battle fatigue.
fresh	Considered as contemporary CGI-driven action-adventure cinema, and as the template for a new generation of video games, they are rich and entertaining. Even in the decadent phase of his genius, Jackson remains an expert world-builder and image-maker.
fresh	The movie is a visual triumph as all of the films have been, but pretty pictures only get you so far, and with five other films full of pretty Middle Earth pictures they garner even less distance here.
fresh	Bilbo Baggins has a sword and he knows how to swing it!
rotten	This third installment of The Hobbit trilogy is allegedly the shortest of all of Peter Jackson's Tolkien films, but my theater must have been orbiting a black hole because I could swear it swallowed up 20 years of my life.
fresh	It doesn't take very long while watching this to get the sense that "Five Armies" was the film Director Peter Jackson has been itching to make all along.
fresh	What's present works decently enough for wrapping things up. (Full Content Review -- Violence, etc. -- for Parents also available)
fresh	Fans will get it, the rest of you will not, and that's been the nature of the series since "The Two Towers." Jackson has always been respectful of the text, perhaps to a fault.
fresh	Huge in scale and in ambition, the film is given extra dimension by the 3D process (pardon the pun) by emphasising distance and size, matching the most active imaginations that are inspired by the written word from which it springs.
fresh	Peter Jackson's magnificently directed Hobbit finale is a delicately choreographed, operatic ballet of war with dwarves, elves, a fire-breathing dragon, orcs and men. The authenticity is staggering as is the film's weight and scale.
fresh	Visually stunning, capably presented, and utterly unnecessary, this final in the six-movie Tolkien cycle is just for the fans.
fresh	What looked like indulgent folly at the outset now seems closer to epic justification, as Peter Jackson's The Hobbit trilogy draws to a rousing close.
rotten	[Freeman] could have made a great Bilbo. Instead he's the one thing that has made this trilogy bearable.
rotten	Well, at least that's over.
rotten	Five armies are too many.
rotten	Bilbo may fully learn a sense of friendship and duty, and have quite a story to tell, but somewhere along the way, Mr. Jackson loses much of the magic.
rotten	If you want to see a Renaissance faire turned into an apocalyptic battlefield, this is the ticket.
rotten	This final film in the Hobbit movie series is more thoughtful than the first two, and it's compelling cinema, but it lacks a sense of closure.
rotten	The further and more competently the movie trundles on, the more it begs not to exist, really: hindsight favours a two-part adaptation at most.
fresh	If The Hobbit doesn't equal the achievement of Jackson's earlier Middle-earth movies -- and, honestly, what could? -- it is still, in sum, a thrilling effort.
fresh	The third and final instalment in the all-conquering series has got everything -- an engrossing story, a near-overdose of thrills and spills, and a cast of uniquely memorable characters.
fresh	A passably satisfying ending to a franchise that has always seemed a little like a bonus DVD.
rotten	Jackson's storytelling at this point is so driven by green-screen trickery and digital legerdemain that he seems to have forgotten about human emotion.
fresh	Peter Jackson creates a satisfying, visually spectacular finale, weaving all the threads together in the bucolic Shire.
rotten	Diehard fans will embrace this film, I'm finally done with the CGI battles and melodrama of Middle Earth.
fresh	The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies proves that the three Hobbit films are nothing more than a disappointingly corny rehash that dawdles to an extent that's even greater than the 10+ year old trilogy that precedes it.
rotten	The end of The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies primarily brings with it a sensation of relief that the muddling and ultimately middling affair is finished.
fresh	OK, Mr. Jackson, you proved your point by landing the big finish. Now please, no more Middle-earth, ever.
fresh	It's designed to leave the audience drained and exhilarated, and from its opening scenes of exploding awesomeness there's no looking back.
rotten	Whose story is this? There's an old saying that history is written by the winners. The screenplay for "The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies" must have been written by elves.
rotten	More is more here, not less, and the narrative is made worse, not better, for Jackson's tinkering.
fresh	The Hobbit concludes as it began: in a welter of continuous action, with characters who have become archetypes but seldom rise above that level, and with a host of ideas J.R.R. Tolkien didn't put into his short novel.
rotten	By the second hour of The Battle of the Five Armies, the visual approach becomes a paradox: monotonously dynamic epic storytelling.
rotten	Jackson has marched the modern fantasy-action epic into a thundering blind alley; the movie exhausts your senses without ever engaging your imagination.
rotten	So lacking in story that it feels like what it is: the third act of a film, rather than a film in its own right... as an adaptation of Tolkien's charming book, it's a travesty.
fresh	"The Battle of the Five Armies" is the best of the trilogy and the first one to actually approach greatness.
fresh	Narratively bereft...thematically redundant...[but] fans of the series and fanboy grumblers may have to agree that The Battle of the Five Armies is often entertaining.
fresh	The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies is a thrilling and a fitting end to an extraordinary fantasy adventure.
rotten	Jackson's stretched-out adaptation gives off a militaristic bombast. Additionally, what was cuddly on the page is creepy and menacing onscreen.
fresh	It's the movie you expect it to be: bloated from a story standpoint, but built around sweeping visuals and Peter Jackson's keen world-building imagination.
fresh	It's taken us just shy of six hours to get here but finally Peter Jackson delivers with the conclusion to his painfully overextended Hobbit trilogy.
fresh	The Battle of the Five Armies is the weakest entry in the Hobbit series, but it's a nonetheless fitting end to a trilogy that's biggest problem was taking so long to get there.
rotten	An endless series of extremely serious statements about fortune, greed and war that give way to a more endless onslaught of fight fight fight.
rotten	Rarely has a final battle been so anticlimactic (or padding been so apparent).
rotten	The tale of the burglar Hobbit Bilbo Baggins limps - no, crawls - to a disappointing and profoundly underwhelming finish.
rotten	The sketchy end-credit imagery often feels more Tolkienesque than anything in the preceding two-plus hours, leaving one wistfully contemplating: what might have been, what might have been.
rotten	There are some wonderful sequences in "Battle of the Five Armies", and the attention to detail is breathtaking ... but the film feels more like a long drawn-out closing paragraph rather than a vibrant stand-alone piece of the story.
fresh	The final installment of the Hobbit trilogy is the best, featuring more spectacular action scenes as well as the series' most emotionally resonant moments.
rotten	The equivalent of watching a game of Risk, with all the emotional involvement such an activity would hold.
rotten	It was too much, and it was not enough.
fresh	The best of the "Hobbit" movies, still sort of "meh."
rotten	All this plot unfolds like obligation, a paragraph of book-report summary bulked up to feature length.
rotten	There's far too many moments of sabre-rattling, and too much confusion about who is aligned with whom, and why. Those who know and love Tolkien's texts will have a vested interest. Everyone else may grow restless.
rotten	...it comes across like a very impressive video game, one in which you're watching Peter Jackson doing the playing. It's hard to get worked up about any of it.
fresh	That we care so much about these characters and their connections to one another speaks to the richness of Tolkien's vision but also Jackson's ability to fully realize it.
fresh	The best of the three "Hobbit" movies, moving from an enjoyable action/battle movie with fantastic visuals into the realm of authentic tragedy.
fresh	Tolkien's richly imagined novels served as the template for an entire genre of "epic fantasy," and the opportunity to spend a final 144 minutes inside that world ... is more than worth the price of a 3-D movie ticket.
fresh	It is better to start middling and finish strong than the inverse, and this is where "The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies" has arrived in the nick of time to turn things around.
fresh	[Jackson] may have intermittently lost his storytelling footing over the course of these three films, but with The Battle of the Five Armies he gets there in the end.
fresh	While it's true that none of the "Hobbit" films were as good as any in the "Rings" trilogy, "The Five Armies" at least comes closest to capturing Tolkein's essence. And in this instance that is good enough.
fresh	Between an engrossing plotline and virtual non-stop combat, the picture proves to be just the perfect way to bring down the curtain on a storied fantasy franchise.
fresh	The best film of The Hobbit's three, this final installment is closer in quality to The Lord of the Rings than to its immediate predecessors.
rotten	Although once hailed as a potential successor to David Lean, Jackson's cinematic instincts are here singly overshadowed by a computer game aesthetic.
rotten	It's funny that Battle of the Five Armies, a mercenary sequel, is a parable about avarice as a corrupting force.
rotten	With all the big hair flowing and giant horn blowing, Middle-earth begins to resemble a middle-of-the-road rock video. And even sounds like it too, "If this is love, take it from me," bleats Elven archer Tauriel, "why does it hurt so much?".
rotten	With the first two pictures, I defended Jackson's decision to supersize The Hobbit. The final episode shows what happens when a director has too much movie left at the end of the story.
rotten	It's an extravagant good-bye to the universe J. R. R. Tolkien created and that Peter Jackson then realized on screen, but it also does nothing to work as a movie unto itself.
fresh	Big, bold, and outrageously fun from start to finish, The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies caps the trilogy perfectly and is a terrific final act for Peter Jackson's beloved series.
fresh	Peter Jackson's expanded take on J.R.R. Tolkien's The Hobbit comes to a conclusion in a battle epic packed with enormous action sequences that oddly distract attention from the much more engaging central plotline.
rotten	The Battle of the Five Armies is just about all [Peter] Jackson and precious little Tolkien. In other words, if you like orc-killin', and lots of it, this is your film.
rotten	Whisper it, but there's something of George Lucas in the final Hobbit movie.
fresh	Further proof - should we require it - that few directors can match Jackson for breathtaking scope and subtly endearing detail in the same film.
rotten	It is a ludicrously naff thing to behold, and entirely without wit.
fresh	Jackson is never more at home in Middle-earth than when he's pitting these mythical creatures against each other in physical conflict and the five-way battle when it erupts is, indeed, a roaring, seismic wave of extravagant sword-n-sandals action.
fresh	The Hobbit: The Battle Of The Five Armies is a fantastic farewell to familiar characters and landscapes that blends spectacular action sequences with some touching human moments.
fresh	It's not a bad ending to the Hobbit's unexpected journey, but it does not reach the standard set by the other films. But even with all its flaws, there is a brave cinematic heart at the core that makes even this weaker Jackson film better than most.
rotten	Enough Hobbitting. Enough CG Orcs. Enough CG elves. Enough CG dwarves. Enough CG. Enough stalling, even in combat. Enough grey filter. Enough sub-Wagnerian warbling.
fresh	A welcome final bow for Peter Jackson's Middle Earth mega saga. Let's just promise to never go back.
fresh	The Battle of the Five Armies is at least as weighty as The Return of the King. It packs a huge chain-mailed punch and lands a resounding mythic stonk.
rotten	Give me back my precious (time).
fresh	Maybe I'm growing soft in my old age, but I can't muster too much aggravation over a film that offers this much entertainment value and showmanship.
fresh	I fear that Peter Jackson has been suffering from a similar affliction to the dwarf king's 'dragon sickness': a compulsive lust for epicness.
fresh	The Battle of the Five Armies - by far the shortest of Jackson's Middle Earth films - is the most solid entry of this prequel trilogy.
fresh	Superfluous and endless as the 'Hobbit' films have been, once 'The Battle of the Five Armies' ties up with 'The Fellowship of the Ring,' it can't help make one wish there was just a little bit more.
fresh	The middle section flags due to the relentless padding, yet the film features standout moments of spirited action and its most exhilarating battles bring to mind the greatness of the Lord of the Rings trio.
fresh	The battle sequences that arise from Thorin's greed are spectacular, and so fast-paced that you sometimes have to rewind the mayhem in your mind.
fresh	A fitting conclusion to Jackson's prequel trilogy and a triumphant adieu to Middle-earth.
fresh	A betrayal at this stage would have been too much to bear. So diehards might feel like breaking into a hearty Dwarvish ballad at the end of this deeply satisfying finale.
fresh	Battle of the Five Armies can be summed up with a phrase we can apply to the entire trilogy: good enough.
rotten	The cinematic equivalent of someone furiously clearing slightly moldering leftovers from their fridge, The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies leaves its audience departing Middle Earth for the last time with an awful taste in the mouth.
fresh	Peter Jackson's Hobbit trilogy goes out with not merely a bang, but a 45-minute baroque, virtuoso battle scene that could be an entire tragi-comic film in itself.
fresh	A movie comprised almost entirely of battles could have become very tedious indeed. Jackson, though, is always able to give an intimacy to even the biggest, noisiest scenes.
rotten	What a horrible way to go.
fresh	This final Hobbit film is, quite literally, a journey there and back again. And what a journey it's been.
fresh	At the end of this entry, we're back to the beginning of the entire franchise. Or, to quote the original novel, we're there and back again. And sometimes that's enough.
rotten	I kept hoping with the second or third I could say, 'They really turned this ship around,' but they didn't. In fact, I've been calling these movies The Horriblit, because they're not very good.
fresh	While it's not up there with his Tolkien cycle's best, this is a fitting end (or should that be middle?) to Jackson's saga, one that manages to mix blockbuster spectacle with some intimate, tender character moments.
fresh	The best sequence is without doubt the film's first. But the central battle is indeed spectacular, and as 'The Age of Orc' approaches, it rounds out this particular story in stirring and emotional fashion.
fresh	A fitting send off - with the right number of endings to boot.
fresh	It's sad that Hollywood filmmaking is so often about attempting to put the dreams of children onto our screens, but shouldn't it still be notable when someone actually manages it?
fresh	Bilbo and Thorin's increasingly fraught and intimate relationship stands head and shoulders above everything else, Freeman and Armitage both doing their most wrenching work in the series yet.
fresh	More battles, more creatures, more not-quite-comical asides, more stern speechifying and more gob-smackingly elaborate action set pieces.
rotten	"The 144-minute running time showcases Jackson's worst tendencies: eons-long battle scenes, sloppy and abrupt resolutions, portentous romances, off-rhythm comic timing, and, newly in this case, patience-testing fan service."
rotten	The overall depiction of The Battle of the Five Armies makes all of the action so absurdly 'cool' that it feels like little more than fan service.
fresh	Third time's a charm for the mammoth screen version of Tolkien's little persons' odyssey.
fresh	This film is a fitting cap to an extended series that, if nothing else, has transformed Tolkien's place in the wider culture.
fresh	The result is at once the trilogy's most engrossing episode, its most expeditious (at a comparatively lean 144 minutes) and also itsdarkest - both visually and in terms of the forces thatstir in the hearts of men, dwarves and orcs alike.
fresh	The final chapter proves to be very much of a piece with the trilogy's first two installments: It's robustly entertaining, occasionally affecting, sometimes thrilling, not exactly groundbreaking.
fresh	A wearying end to a grand journey, the cinematic equivalent of a greatest hits encore.
fresh	Another grand spectacle that does a fine job wrapping things up without offering nearly as many of the memorable moments of its predecessor.
rotten	I am getting older, and the Hobbit movies are becoming more tedious. I don't know if there's a cause and effect relationship, but I do know that those are both truths, from where I sit.
fresh	These films, and Tolkien's entire oeuvre, are most affecting in their depictions of friendship, and the performances here represent platonic male intimacy in convincing, often moving ways.
fresh	It's a satisfying ending to the "first" visit to Middle Earth.
fresh	This is a film where complex concepts of quantum physics and powerful human emotions are inextricably intertwined and the ghost that haunts the farmhouse has both a scientific explanation and a sense of supernatural power.
fresh	Visual splendor does not entirely make up for failures in plotting and characterization.
rotten	Interstellar is a frustratingly flawed film that reaches for the stars but winds up lost in space.
fresh	Interstellar is chockablock with philosophical ideas, visual effects and theoretical physics from Nolan and his brother, Jonathan, who co-wrote the script.
fresh	Interstellar is a grand gesture in every way. And yet, it's Nolan's most humane film to date.
rotten	For all the themes intended to rocket our minds into a futuristic escape plan, it's too overloaded with hopelessness and bent logic to get off the ground.
fresh	Nolan is one of the few directors with the ambition to tackle big topics -- like the fate of humanity or our need to explore -- and the artistic clout to bring that vision to a mass audience.
rotten	There are many words to describe Interstellar. Entertainment isn't one of them.
rotten	This sort of hammering, a determination that you'll "get it", distracts from Interstellar's effort to transport.
fresh	Though the family ties don't quite hold, Interstellar gives us an epic of space travel as desperate necessity, at a time when its science fiction hits perilously close to home.
fresh	You'll feel the cold on the Hoth-like ice planet. It's pure movie magic -- impressive and astonishing and deserving of all the out-of-this-world hyperbole. Too bad the rest of it is mostly empty space.
fresh	While it definitely feels as though Nolan over-reached and under-edited, there's enough eye candy and emotion to keep you from being bored.
rotten	This is a Nolan film, so nothing is simple -- or quick to the point. At nearly three hours, the film piles on the twists, wonky physics, heartfelt speeches and pseudoscience.
rotten	Watching Nolan's latest attempt to create something artistic, intelligent and entertaining on such a massive scale, I couldn't help but think that with "Interstellar," he's outsmarted himself.
fresh	"Interstellar" is flawed, but has the kind of scope that makes going to movies fun.
fresh	I urge you to stop seeking out information on this film, and instead wait until this Thursday and see it, on the biggest screen within reach. You won't be sorry.
fresh	McConaughey and his co-stars do a terrific job of underplaying the tech-nobabble and selling their individual moments... and Nolan's trademark big-picture confidence propels Interstellar through its near-three-hour running time with breathless style.
rotten	You go in to Interstellar hoping to be mind-blown, thrilled, and smartened-up. Although it's beautifully made, brainy and sometimes insanely gorgeous, you may find yourself wondering what the big whoop was all about.
rotten	As undeniably ambitious and technically accomplished as it is bloated, ponderous and ludicrous, Interstellar finds Christopher Nolan struggling in the shadow of Kubrick, Malick and other visionary filmic philosophers.
fresh	It's an enthralling, provocative, ambitious film.
fresh	Interstellar's themes are universal and some of the dialogue really resonates too.
rotten	I learnt a lot about wormholes and, while I can be entranced by the idea of saving the human race, I want a little bit of drama to go with it.
fresh	This is not only a tremendously exciting space adventure... It's also a rich and thoughtful meditation on time and space and gravity.
rotten	"Interstellar" is a grand undertaking, but in shooting for the stars, it loses its footing. It goes to infinity and beyond, when infinity would have been plenty.
fresh	That the universe contains phenomena eons beyond us while at the same time intimately close is a beautiful concept and Interstellar seeks to orchestrate its own moment of revelation.
fresh	Interstellar is a visual feast that explores the universe and an intimate drama that explores why love and devotion are qualities that make the human race worth saving.
fresh	There's a certain clumsiness to Nolan's longest and most personal film, a kind of earnest self-seriousness that opens it to parody and snark. But at its center beats a human heart.
fresh	It's a fairly s----y science-fiction movie, but as a metaphor for love it's kind of great.
fresh	Having set out to be a journey into what can hardly be depicted at all, Interstellar must find oblique ways of suggesting further imperceptible dimensions of the real. It is worth the journey to see what Nolan has constructed as a model of the unknowable.
fresh	Jessica Chastain deserves Best Supporting Actress consideration for her work. One of the most beautiful films I have ever seen.
rotten	Big on ideas and concepts but falls apart in the 3rd act.
fresh	A graceful, stirring epic and while it may not set new standards for the genre, it does give today's audiences a reminder of what visionary filmmaking looks like.
fresh	A remarkable achievement in filmmaking that will have you on the edge of your seat
fresh	Despite some awkward pacing, easy sentimentality, and pandering it's still hard to resist. It's not just Nolan's ambition that should be admired. He actually pulls off scene after scene of unforgettable drama in colossal scale, both in space and on Earth.
rotten	After the first hour, with its poignant depiction of humanity's decline, Interstellar always seems to be rebuilding its momentum, offering plenty to think about but little to hold on to.
rotten	Ultimately, Interstellar shoots for the stars but barely gets us past the soundstage.
rotten	Christopher Nolan's latest exercise in devising narrative lines that run laboriously in different locations and on multiple timescales to no great effect, other than to tell you that love will find a way.
fresh	The sentimentality and Hollywoodized convenience of the storytelling prevent this mostly admirable film from achieving the escape velocities of Kubrick or Tarkovsky.
rotten	[O]nce our explorers pass into another galaxy...things take on a new dimension of banality and the film, however magnificently conceived in visual terms, becomes just another space adventure.
rotten	A bombast-and-crisis megamovie, rocket-fuelled by gobbledygeek. The pummelling of plot turns and ratcheting of emotion-wrenches rarely relent. Forgets that we mere humans don't yet possess infinite patience for hyper-epic hokum.
rotten	It's a film I didn't exactly enjoy and can't say I would recommend. And yet as an event, as a singular movie-watching opportunity, it's undoubtedly worthwhile.
rotten	nothing if not grandly ambitious, and while that ambition is certainly admirable, especially in an industry choking on increasingly interchangeable big-budget franchises and starving for original ideas, it is also part of the film's downfall.
fresh	There's no denying that director Christopher Nolan's challenging space odyssey is exquisitely made. He's one of painfully few filmmakers whose every effort fills me with a sense of awe.
fresh	A combination of spectacular special effects, marginal physics and grindingly slow treacle, McConaughey pulls this one out of the fire.
fresh	The movie is complex and maddening, filled with concepts over the heads of most mere mortals, yet grounded in barely enough humanity to stimulate our senses.
fresh	Some of what ensues in a galaxy far, far away is gripping, but other sequences are prosaic.
fresh	Interstellar contains its fair share of heart-in-mouth moments, the previously untapped corners of space providing ample opportunity to mine fresh spectacle.
fresh	The pace is gripping, the central performances compelling and the action sequences thrilling.
fresh	Good special effects and acting but I didn't understand one bit of the plot. It is all Geek to me.
fresh	The spectacle is far more satisfying than the story ... Gorgeous, infuriating, exciting, confusing, stirring, boring, it's the film that's got it all! Totally worth your twenty bucks. Whether it's worth three hours of your time will be up to you.
fresh	Not your usual Christopher Nolan film. It is epic, has a sharp-eyed view of the future, and characters with real human emotions. I really like this ambitious, thought-provoking, uplifting film.
fresh	There's something weirdly touching about the movie's corny proclamations, because they contrast so sharply with the hell scapes Nolan keeps showing us.
fresh	With Interstellar, Nolan builds on the high-concept blockbuster template forged so impressively by his 2010 work Inception.
fresh	While the ride is a bumpy one and the destination is a bit of a letdown, getting there is a trip.
fresh	Interstellar is much like space itself - a beautiful, promising void.
fresh	The spirit of exploration and discovery lives in Interstellar and that alone makes it a cinematic trip worth taking.
rotten	There is no sound in space, but 'Interstellar' blasts its music, hammers in three voiceovers its centennial birthday boy Dylan Thomas message, and overstays its welcome.
rotten	An unsatisfying blend of Gravity, 2001: A Space Odyssey, Solaris and The Collected Poems Of Dylan Thomas.
fresh	Even more mind-blowing than his 'Inception,' Christopher Nolan's 'Interstellar' emphasizes the importance of love in a science-fiction tale.
fresh	If a movie is outsized in its ambitions to an absurd, awe-inspiring degree, how much credit does it get for only making it, oh, 75 percent of the way there?
fresh	If it's spectacle you want, then Interstellar delivers, particularly when viewed in Nolan's preferred 70mm Imax format.
fresh	It's an experience.
rotten	Cornpone existentialism ... Overlong, talky and, depending on the crisis, either dopey or pretentious ... a New Age-y, fuzzy-headed sci-fi'er that borrows liberally from Kubrick, 'Contact' and Nolan's own "Inception."
fresh	After stretching the boundaries of incomprehension with Inception, a narrative arc that challenges yet remains accessible is a welcome relief.
fresh	This is probably the most audacious science fiction film anyone has ever made or even tried to make.
fresh	'Interstellar' is really great science fiction. It tugs at our heartstrings while exploring our humanity, and at the same time it blows our minds with the wonders and complexities of intergalactic space travel.
fresh	I'm not too proud to admit I couldn't follow the convoluted storyline... Think, a remake of Gravity with a bunch of polysyllabic brainiacs borrowed from The Big Bang Theory.
fresh	What makes Interstellar one of the best, most enthralling, intelligent and moving science-fiction films of modern cinema is not so much the inter-galactic journey it takes you on as the emotional journey.
fresh	Nolan's attempt at trumping Kubrick's ultimate trip falls short because it lacks the old master's laser-like focus and magnetic solemnity.
fresh	It intelligently and in a masterful cinematic way weaves together a story that explores both the cosmic world and the real world.
fresh	The general feeling I'm left with after seeing Interstellar (is) a sensation of indecision.
fresh	Ultimately, it is human emotions not quantum physics that propels Nolan's movie to its destination.
fresh	While [...] imperfect in many ways, the whole proves to be far more than the sum of its parts.
fresh	Heartfelt Story, Great Visuals, Science Overkill
fresh	It's deeply flawed but also wholly absorbing, and it marks Nolan as one of our most ambitious, go-for-broke directors, unafraid to attempt Sistine Chapel ceilings while his fellow filmmakers are working with Crayolas.
fresh	The combination of NO green screen, incredible practical effects, Zimmer's score and a solid emotional core makes this Nolan's most complete flick to date. I had major nerd tears! See in 70mm IMAX film!
rotten	Leaving aside the flaws as film (underdeveloped characters, etc.), it is worse as a message. Deriding agriculture and hyping space exploration is even more fascist than "The Dark Knight Rises".
fresh	Christopher Nolan can do whatever the hell he likes. He's earned that right now. And if he uses that clout for films like Interstellar, we all win.
fresh	Whenever Christopher Nolan has something to say, it pays to listen.
fresh	Its strengths are as gargantuan and overpowering as its mighty flaws, and just as impossible to miss.
fresh	Ambitious and inspired visually, thematically and emotionally, Nolan's space odyssey may not complete its mission, but its shot at the stars is no less awesome.
fresh	This film is meant to be Nolan's 2001: A Space Odyssey, but he's tilting at windmills here. Still, Interstellar is worth seeing.
fresh	For all its sci-fi trappings...Interstellar comes down to one thing, and one thing alone: the notion of following your heart. Yes, it really is that simple.
fresh	Interstellar may be a preposterous epic, but it is an epic nonetheless.
fresh	The film is confident enough to take us on a thrilling adventure witho ut resorting to huge action sequences, in which the spectacle is delivered on an intergalactic scale, but from a very human point of view.
fresh	Ambitious intergalactic drama focuses on a father's promise.
rotten	The Nolans plant some actual characters onto that landscape, but it's too arid for anything interesting to grow.
fresh	Not Christopher Nolan's best film by a long shot, yet also proof that 'not Christopher Nolan's best film' is still better and more thrilling than many directors' finest work.
fresh	Interstellar is an imaginative movie, but a heavy-handed mix of personal sacrifice and theoretical physics doesn't leave much room for subtle storytelling.
rotten	If humanistic pop science is a religion, then Christopher Nolan is its high priest and Interstellar its rapture story.
rotten	Interstellar is thrilling to watch across its moments but ultimately unmemorable; I feel it slipping away from me even now.
fresh	Dazzling, frightening and thrilling. Pure cinematic magic. But the philosophical points presented - love and survival - are contradictory.
fresh	In Christopher Nolan's Interstellar, sci-fi fans are treated to a true cinematic anomaly: an impeccably crafted slice of escapism driven by scientific concepts that fascinate and thrill in equal measure.
fresh	Interstellar is as cinematically epic as it is dramatically intimate.
fresh	Marrying the brains of "Inception" with the epic splendor of "The Dark Knight," Christopher Nolan's "Interstellar" asks vastly important brain-scratching questions, inspires your forward thinking and treats you to one hell of a mind-altering thrill ride.
fresh	Interstellar is escapism in its purist form.
fresh	Interstellar is a marvel of congruency from the opening shot to the final frame.
rotten	Nolan's Vision Exceeds his Grasp.
fresh	Nolan lays out a narrative path between Odysseus, Albert Einstein and Buck Rogers, then paints it with bold cinematic brushstrokes inspired by the masters-Stanley Kubrick, Steven Spielberg, John Ford.
fresh	Interstellar is not a terrible movie, it's just such a chore.
fresh	This majestic film retains a human heart.
fresh	It is dazzling to look at, properly intelligent, and, when you can follow what's going on, profoundly thought-provoking.
fresh	Christopher Nolan's movie about time has time troubles of its own. It's too long and drags to a convoluted climax. However, getting there is riveting and worth the trip.
rotten	As emphatically as Nolan writes PROSE PROSE PROSE PROSE PROSE, in the largest possible font, it never verges into poetry.
rotten	Fails to trigger much in the way of awe and emotion, at least not the obviously manipulative kind. Nolan's ambition doesn't match his material this time around, leaving the picture strangely inert as it seeks to dissect the heavens.
rotten	Fails to launch...
fresh	While it has some problems, Nolan aims higher than most filmmakers would dare attempt and comes oh so close to creating another undeniably classic space masterpiece.
fresh	Forget about what it means and just go for the mind blowing, heart wrenching ride.
rotten	Lacking a sense of awe or of the astronomic passage of time, "Interstellar" provokes more "huh?" moments than it does "ah!" moments.
fresh	Interstellar is sufficiently grand and challenging to bear comparison with those two touchstones of mind-bending epic sci-fi: Kubrick's 2001: A Space Odyssey and Tarkovsky's Solaris.
fresh	Much as Nolan's characters often fail to reconcile their grandest desires, so, too, does Interstellar fall short, particularly in its trying-to-have-it-all finale. But, damn, if we shouldn't applaud Nolan for aiming big.
rotten	A movie that feels like being tangled up in a pile of infinitely-unfolding some-assembly-required instructions in the watching, full of dialogue that's like the recital of a How To manual.
rotten	Interstellar is beautiful, dazzling and astonishingly loud, but, alas, it is remains something of a mess at the level of the script
fresh	Nolan, a director often accused of coldness, finally got all mushy when he went to outer space. I can't solve that equation, but I've enjoyed trying to scratch it out.
fresh	Interstellar must be seen in a movie theater because of how powerful it is visually. It is audibly the best film to be released in theaters this year. But you can't help but feel like it's all slightly too convoluted for its own good.
fresh	Christopher Nolan outdoes himself with this thrilling , and emotionally moving. sci-fi drama that has echoes of 2001 but carves out its own gripping story by smartly focusing on the human element so often missing in this genre.
rotten	Christopher Nolan's 168-minute odyssey through the space-time continuum is stuffed with stuff of bewildering wrongness.
fresh	Nolan creates overwhelming, often breathtaking suspense in a number of sequences.
fresh	Uma obra inquestionavelmente problematica.
fresh	What the neg-heads are missing about Interstellar is how enthralling it is, how gracefully it blends the cosmic and the intimate, how deftly Nolan explores the infinite in the smallest human details.
fresh	A science-fiction (heavy on science) adventure steeped in Einstein's theory of relativity that is equal parts enigmatic, exhilarating, elaborate and emotionally wrenching.
rotten	Stanley Kubrick had the right idea. When making a philosophical space epic steeped in scientific theory, don't explain everything. Be bold but be vague; fewer corners to back into that way. And don't let Hans Zimmer do the music.
fresh	A thought experiment writ large.
rotten	Interstellar tries to ground its corn-pone mush in quantum theory and paper over its planet-sized plot holes with enormous vistas and the most egregious use of Dylan Thomas ever committed to screen.
fresh	Boldly swinging for the rafters and face-planting half the time, [Nolan is] uncharacteristically willing to embarrass himself here. There's a lot to admire in that.
fresh	Brainy blockbuster maestro Christopher Nolan heads into deep space with this epic adventure, which is packed with thoughtful ideas and big emotions even if the plot wobbles badly in the middle.
fresh	Nolan has created nothing less than his own personal 2001: A Space Odyssey, a mind-expanding, imagination-challenging excursion into alternate galaxies where we skip through the fourth dimension and plunge headlong into the fifth.
rotten	Mostly, Interstellar is super-dull and super-annoying and super-dumb because it posits itself as a film of many big ideas when it doesn't even possess a single decent one.
rotten	If Nolan were as deft a director when the action dies down, Interstellar might be a formidable work. But his film has a lot of dialogue, pages of the stuff, explanations and exposition, none of it overlapping with recognisable human speech.
rotten	Interstellar is an entertainment disaster for reasons that have dogged our films since they began: ridiculous story; implausible segues; laughable dialogue; the absence of character, drama, and command.
fresh	You never know what's coming in Interstellar. It stokes and maintains a sense of anticipation often missing in Hollywood blockbusters intent on being formulaic and thus global audience-friendly.
rotten	In space no-one can you hear you scream, but they can certainly see you cry. Never before have I seen more blubbering in a movie than director Christopher Nolan's Interstellar.
fresh	The best thing about Nolan is that he inspires you to think magically. The worst thing about him is that he requires you to, since his convoluted plots don't work without it.
fresh	There is something exciting about a film that tries to fill your mind and then blow it, even if it's only filling you full of hot air.
fresh	Christopher Nolan's epic is visually stunning and offers some ingenious ideas on time and space as it plays on our darkest fears about the end of life on Earth.
rotten	Interstellar surprises you with a high ratio of scenes of people sitting around tables (sometimes on board spaceships) to moments of flight or danger.
fresh	You thought Gravity was an immersive lost-in-space experience? Just you wait.
rotten	At its best, the film is illuminating in the way that "Contact" was, at its worst it's dull, pedantic and overly expositional the way "Contact" was.
rotten	What many had hoped would be Christopher Nolan's 2001: A Space Odyssey is, instead, 2014: An Exposition Odyssey.
fresh	Christopher Nolan's sci-fi epic is a beautiful, ambitious, ultimately flawed film about nothing less than the survival of the human race.
fresh	A grandiose, audacious, exciting, sentimental, impassioned, philosophical, metaphysical, dense, epic mess. And you probably need to see it.
fresh	Interstellar is terrible, wonderful, sensational, thrilling, imbecilic. In any order you want.
rotten	If only the plot and the corny, exposition-heavy dialogue - where characters speak in fortune cookie - could hold up to the cinematography.
fresh	The film's self-seriousness is, in fact, its great ally: the conviction with which Nolan directs prevents us questioning the absurdity as it unfolds.
fresh	In the age of shopping-centre cinema, Christopher Nolan builds cathedrals.
fresh	With its intellectually stimulating ideas and profound emotional ballast, Interstellar makes a solid impact, albeit without the Wow Factor
fresh	... it's the best science fiction movie you're likely to see this year, and quite possibly one of the best films period.
rotten	...way too long...The first two hours are tolerable, but the ending requires an advanced degree in theoretical physics to understand, and even then I would think it would be ludicrous.
fresh	The most brilliant editing of the year revs you up as it interlaces the apex of story lines, and then explodes into a giant orgasm of emotional and physical movie making only to roll over, light a cigarette and stop paying attention to you.
fresh	Interstellar can be pretty fun when it wants to be. The trouble is, 'fun' has never been atop director Christopher Nolan's list of priorities.
fresh	Never has a nearly-three-hour blockbuster enthralled me in the way that Interstellar did.
rotten	Christopher Nolan's Interstellar is desperately reaching for Stanley Kubrick 2001 greatness and achieving Robert Zemeckis mediocrity in Contact. It's no small bit of irony that both films star Matthew McConaughey and his southern drawl.
fresh	Interstellar may be a blockbuster spectacle but it's also a puzzle that bends the laws of space and time to create different kinds of links between images, like Nolan's early hit Memento or Shane Carruth's recent Upstream Colour.
fresh	[Nolan's] most ambitious movie ends up in the least satisfying way of his nine features, but the ride up to that point has taken us to a more interesting destination than four-fifths of the pictures coming out this year.
rotten	Nolan's gigantic exercise soars and sinks
fresh	Interstellar is not perfect, but it's the bold, electrifying and provocative cinema with rocket scientist smarts and a sentimental heart.
fresh	Often fascinating, sometimes thrilling, sometimes tedious, but always strangely aloof, despite its best efforts. The movie's easy to admire, hard to love.
fresh	"Interstellar" feels like someone else's film, a Spielberg retread.
fresh	Illustrious of vision but even grander of ideas, "Interstellar" is majestic science-fiction done right. Mostly.
rotten	By the closing credits, it seems possible that Nolan himself hails from another planet, and while he has tried diligently to show humanity in a flattering light, he lacks enough inside information to get it right.
fresh	The film is at its best when it's unafraid of challenging storytelling, particularly since Interstellar never has trouble finding visuals to match its heady concepts.
fresh	It's almost impossible to resist recommending Interstellar, but it's equally tough to deny a galactic sense of disappointment.
fresh	A roller-coaster for the mind and spirit... Twenty years from now we may think of it as a classic, even if it takes a bit of time for it to sink in.
rotten	There's clear ambition here, but no direction; emphasis, but no meaning.
fresh	This isn't Nolan's best movie, but his ambitions and trust in the audience keep getting bigger. He's one of Hollywood's few true remaining visionaries, and he's only getting warmed up.
rotten	You can certainly respond to its craft, but its attempts at emotional depth and cosmological profundity fall short.
rotten	Love is what's really between the stars, y'all.
fresh	The story doesn't hold together very well, but most viewers will be more interested in the movie's state-of-the-art visuals, which do not disappoint.
rotten	[Nolan's] new picture is his biggest: biggest event, biggest spectacle, biggest pastiche, biggest disappointment.
rotten	Twice as long as Gravity and half as good.
rotten	A lot of sound and fury, signifying not much.
rotten	From the grand master of films about the mysteries of human nature, a disappointing exploration of family, science, and human survival.
fresh	An intense epic that seeks to deliver both an "experience" and a movie. In my book, it succeeds on both counts. (Full Content Review for Parents Also Available)
fresh	A spectacle of outrageous proportions, Nolan's creativity has reached new levels with this latest achievement.
fresh	Ambitious, provocative, thoughtful, and highly entertaining--all things considered (believe me, ALL things are considered), it holds together very well.
fresh	That's the essential question facing the viewer, whether Nolan's mission is a success because it takes us farther than most filmmakers could, or a disappointment because it doesn't quite make it all the way.
rotten	It's frustrating because there's so much to look at, so much money well spent in every frame, but "Interstellar" wears out its audience long before it ends.
fresh	an ambitious film, but it's difficult to get swept up in its sweep.
fresh	There are genuinely spectacular and tension-filled scenes, none more so than when the crew is confronted by massive waves. We have come to expect jaw-dropping effects like this from Nolan.
fresh	Interstellar is a unique, sometimes enthralling, often thoughtful piece of filmmaking from one of our best directors.
fresh	...a unique film to be sure, and one that is probably best experienced on the largest screen available.
fresh	Comes closer to mimicking the feel and structure of 20th-century hard sci-fi in the Arthur C. Clarke mode that just about any other movie.
fresh	It's ambitious and not entirely successful but there is a lot to like about "Interstellar."
rotten	For a movie about transcending all manner of dimensions, "Interstellar" ultimately falls surprisingly flat.
fresh	It's a mass audience picture that's intelligent as well as epic, with a sophisticated script that's as interested in emotional moments as immersive visuals. Which is saying a lot.
rotten	Even a cool cat like Christopher Nolan can cough up a furball - and with his sci-fi adventure Interstellar, it's blockbuster-sized.
rotten	At 165 minutes feels both rushed and overlong.
fresh	if, haunted by a past that keeps overtaking it, this apocalyptic odyssey lacks the driving momentum of, say, The Dark Knight, there are enough ambitious ideas and awe-inspiring aesthetics in it to keep the patient viewer engaged for the long haul.
fresh	The human qualities that can corrupt the perfect science experiment, it's heartbreaking yet life affirming. We will ultimately triumph over cold science precisely because of, not in spite of, our humanity.
fresh	Nolan has always been a director who loves big, big ideas, but one occasionally gets the sense that he would almost rather make a movie of the characters explaining those ideas to one another with flow charts and diagrams.
fresh	The parts of Interstellar that don't work -- a third act (out of four) that descends into suspense-movie silliness, an increasing reliance on mystical mumbo-jumbo -- struggle against the many parts that do.
fresh	The climax contains some tangled magic. If you're not exhausted by almost three hours of intergalactic lecturing, you may even be able to feel it.
fresh	While it's not a perfect movie by any means, it's a grand accomplishment of sorts.
fresh	What good is that adventurous spirit if Nolan doesn't trust the audience enough to see it through to the end?
fresh	It's rare for a film to deliver a scene of such emotional power that the hardened critic is fighting back tears. It's even less common for a celluloid image to have that effect. Interstellar does both.
rotten	Nolan tries to pair the cosmic esoterica with this father-daughter tussle, but the mix doesn't jell. Visionary movies require a bigger vision.
fresh	All the talk of Kubrick and 2001 is light years off the mark: Interstellar is the kind of space odyssey that has only shameless, monolothic entertainment on the agenda.
fresh	The movie sucks you into its orbit and promptly shuttles you to the event horizon of the unknown, where the only thing you can really do is appreciate the scenery and hang on for the bumpy ride.
fresh	It's an amazing achievement that deserves to be seen on the biggest screen with the best sound system possible. Nolan has crafted Interstellar as a movie theater experience. Watching it at home, no matter how good the sound system is, won't match.
fresh	A knockout one minute, a punch-drunk crazy film the next, Interstellar is a highly stimulating mess.
fresh	"Interstellar" may not be Nolan at his best, but it's still Nolan, and there's much to be said for that.
fresh	This is epic cinema that begs to be compared to "2001: A Space Odyssey." But unlike Stanley Kubrick's psychedelic joyride, this journey is powered by a human heart.
rotten	If your interest in prolonged discussions of the space-time continuum fades, composer Hans Zimmer will boost the already booming organ soundtrack up to 12.
fresh	Interstellar is an experience. Nolan's vision of our galaxy, and galaxies beyond, is daunting, majestic; the hardware of space travel looks right, almost familiar.
fresh	I think I saw a kitchen sink flying through space.
rotten	The plot here is not as much the problem as Matthew McConaughey's mumbling. At times it's as if he's auditioning for a dinner theater version of Brokeback Mountain.
fresh	Whereas 2001 is enigmatic and ethereal...Interstellar is far more prosaic and pedestrian...Still, it has moments of bombastic brilliance, an often moving performance from Matthew McConaughey, and, boy, at its best, is it something to look at.
fresh	[T]his is a film with the weight of space, time, and humanity on its shoulders. It is unafraid of stumbling and soldiers forward with the conviction of its audacity.
fresh	Interstellar is the most ambitious, intelligent and daring space epic since Stanley Kubrick's masterpiece, 2001: A Space Odyssey.
rotten	It's hard to talk about certain elements without giving away some of the film's secrets. Let's just say the ending would be laughable if it wasn't so incredibly bad.
rotten	Despite its many virtues, Interstellar feels as if it doesn't quite hit the target.
fresh	The film offers grand visuals, including a bizarre-beautiful key scene in a location I couldn't describe if I wanted to.
fresh	Christopher Nolan's film, about a trip to deep space to find a habitable place for humans to live, doesn't always live up to its ambition, but then again, its ambition is huge.
rotten	To this point, I have enjoyed many of Nolan's films but Interstellar's script is terribly inconsistent.
fresh	Interstellar is one of the most ambitious films in this genre that I've ever experienced.
rotten	Shows that long doesn't mean epic and serious doesn't mean deep.
fresh	"Interstellar," full of visual dazzle, thematic ambition, geek bait and corn (including the literal kind), is a sweeping, futuristic adventure driven by grief, dread and regret.
fresh	An intellectual and technical feat, this undeniably ambitious Christopher Nolan movie reaches for the stars and reaches them more often than not.
fresh	It may not be the best movie of the year, but it surely is the most breathtaking.
fresh	With Interstellar, Christopher Nolan has fallen into a trap that has caught many before him: the pitfalls of autonomy.
fresh	This is a film of great ambition and vision, from a filmmaker who takes risks and gets out of his comfort zone in search of a new way to tell his story.
fresh	Audaciously ambitious and awesome, it's a speculative, mind-bending sci-fi adventure through the celestial space-time continuum.
fresh	Overstuffed and sometimes undercooked, it still manages to envelop you in worlds and situations you've never seen before.. with human feelings that can't help but move you.
fresh	Christopher Nolan's head-spinning blockbuster Interstellar is a super-charged "what if?" SCI-FI that treats outer space as a giant intellectual and philosophical playground.
fresh	It's far from Christopher Nolan's best work, but those rare moments when Interstellar is firing on all cylinders make up for its often inert characters and shaky sentimental storytelling.
rotten	Much like his hero, Christopher Nolan's goal seems to be to take the humor and wildness out of imagination, to see invention in rigidly practical and scientific terms.
fresh	A soulful, must-see masterpiece, one of the most exhilarating film experiences so far this century.
rotten	"Interstellar," a spectacular, redundant puzzle, a hundred and sixty-seven minutes long, makes you feel virtuous for having sat through it rather than happy that you saw it.
fresh	Even as "Interstellar" becomes a beautiful mess, its wannabe-deep impact will hit everyone differently. We need far-reaching artists like Nolan, since, as they say, Earth without art is "eh."
fresh	"Interstellar" deserves credit for aiming for the stars, but the hard realities of filmmaking and storytelling pull it right back to Earth.
fresh	The most intellectually ambitious sci-fi film since "2001."
fresh	An impressive, at times astonishing work, and one of a handful by Nolan that overwhelmed me to the point where my usual objections to his work melted away.
fresh	INTERSTELLAR might not be Nolan's best film, but it's certainly his most ambitious.
fresh	This is a long film that's constantly worried about time passing, but it's not self aware enough to turn that into a joke
fresh	For a film completely drenched with sentimentality about faith, hope and human-kind's resolve, "Interstellar" is at times as cold and lifeless as a vacuum.
fresh	The mix of wonky physics, mysticism, and genetically modified corn is so clunky it's ... fabulous.
rotten	The script comprises stiff scientific discussion, clunky exposition and cinematic cliches and, frankly, it all gets a bit silly.
fresh	It's not only full of great visuals and big ideas (albeit ones that are sometimes a little confusingly expressed) but that it's a movie about human perseverance.
fresh	The final stretch may be just a little too hard to swallow. But fans of smart, spectacular sci-fi will still gulp down this astonishing trip through the cosmos.
fresh	Space in your face. Beautiful, beautiful space. An awe inspiring journey across the cosmos that travels to the heart of humanity; flaws and all.
fresh	As the rare director whose singular vision is buoyed by infinite artistic freedom, Christopher Nolan would be derelict if he didn't take gargantuan risks. It's good for us that he does.
fresh	Dramatically awkward and visually ravishing -- often within the same sequence -- Interstellar is director Christopher Nolan's ninth and most ambitious film to date.
fresh	Thrilling intellectually and viscerally, full of stirring notions of what humanity is capable of, and full of hope. A wonderfully refreshing sort of SF.
fresh	As space operas go, this may yet be accounted one of the classics: dream material even.
fresh	In the end you can only applaud its sheer sense of scale, drama, excitement and willingness to take that extra step.
rotten	Interstellar begins to feel more like those disaster movies that Irwin Allen used to make, bulging with enough star wattage to keep our eyes on the screen and not rolling to the back of our heads.
rotten	Whatever his strengths may be, Nolan lacks the human touch.
fresh	Whereas most science fiction withers out in space, "Interstellar" rockets home.
fresh	Watching Christopher Nolan fall short is still more exciting than watching most other directors succeed.
fresh	The most mind-bending movie of 2014 contains a third act that will be pondered and debated for at least as long as the finale of Stanley Kubrick's '2001: A Space Odyssey.'
fresh	Tthe film falters at minor points as the script creaks under the weight of its own ambitions but there are a great many moments in this film where it transcends its genre conventions and achieves a pure cinematic profundity and sense of overwhelming awe.
rotten	I can imagine, in some other galaxy or dimension, a more exciting Interstellar, one that is more coldly curious about all that lies beyond human perception.
fresh	A movie I snickered at more than once but never stopped staring at in wonder.
rotten	It's a sometimes poignant, but more often pandering, ode to American exceptionalism.
fresh	Packs a mighty emotional wallop to make it as much a stirring experience, as it is a visually and intellectually stimulating one.
fresh	Nolan's complex story, his most visually pleasing genre piece and arguably his most complex film to date.
fresh	Brainy, barmy and beautiful to behold, this is Stephen Hawking's Star Trek: a mind-bending opera of space and time with a soul wrapped up in all the science.
fresh	Double-domed and defiantly serious, Interstellar is a must-take ride with a few narrative bumps.
fresh	Nolan reaches for the stars in spectacular fashion, delivering a mesmerising sci-fi epic that, despite a testing running time and few too many flights of fancy, is grounded by an on-form McConaughey.
fresh	The vaulting ambition and shoot-for-the-stars bravery of this latest film from the director of The Dark Knight and Inception is to be admired, but its attempt to cover life, the universe and everything in nearly three hours is rather enervating.
rotten	Nolan's aesthetically beautiful, large-scale sci-fi drama is admirable in its ideas and style, but lacking in its storytelling and execution.
rotten	Some of the parts of this mega-fantasy are awesome. The sum of all parts? Not so stellar.
fresh	Interstellar is an imperfect film, but like its central characters, aims about as high as one can. The ambition, execution, and craftsmanship are all to be admired.
fresh	The story is ever-ambitious, sometimes riveting and thought-provoking, but also plodding and hokey and not as visionary as its cutting-edge special effects.
fresh	So few blockbusters have an IQ over 50. It's important to celebrate this one, even if it comes up a little short.
rotten	Not every film need address the possibility of human extinction with the gung-ho silliness of Armageddon, but at least that was a space adventure. This is a science report.
fresh	Love or hate Interstellar - or fall, like me, into a wishy-washy middle ground - you will feel like you've been on a grand journey by the end.
fresh	Nolan thrives in the limbo between logic and emotion.
fresh	I was moved by Interstellar, and there are stretches where it is as good and as pure as anything Nolan's made.
fresh	It combines abstruse ideas about gravity, matter and time with old fashioned, hyper-charged family melodrama.
fresh	The movie is most powerful when it's at its least abstract.
rotten	Interstellar would be a stunning piece of cinema if you weren't supposed to think about it.
fresh	Reaffirms Nolan as the premier big-canvas storyteller of his generation, more than earning its place alongside "The Wizard of Oz," "2001," "Close Encounters of the Third Kind" and "Gravity" in the canon of Hollywood's visionary sci-fi head trips.
fresh	What pulls you in is its hugely confident architecture as a piece of storytelling - its brave fictitiousness. Nolan comes very close here, one might almost say agonisingly close, to forging his masterpiece.
fresh	Never less than engrossing, and sometimes more than that.
fresh	An emotional powerhouse when it isn't hokey, and a stunning spectacle when it doesn't get bogged down in plot logistics, "Interstellar" binds its strengths and weaknesses into a riveting whole.
fresh	A spine-tingling blend of brains and heart, a high concept sci-fi opera that's as unafraid of cerebral ideas as it is of heart-on-sleeve emotion.
rotten	May represent an apotheosis of sorts, as it illustrates the very best and the very worst of Nolan as a writer-director.
fresh	Nolan's love letter to space travel and the exploration of the stars may require some patience, but it offers an incredible emotional payoff along with its visual spectacle.
fresh	It's a movie designed for people who watched the bedroom sequence in 2001: A Space Odyssey and wished there was more exposition about who built the room, how, why and what thread count was on that bed.
rotten	Nolan's "Interstellar" spends hundreds of millions to take the audience on a journey to the farthest parts of the cosmos ... so they can be told sentiments as close, and as cheap, as any of the offerings at your local Hallmark card retailer.
fresh	A two-pronged blockbuster comprised of smarts and sentimentalism like nothing else out there.
rotten	Interstellar is not quite a success. I can't insult those involved by grading on an admiration-based curve.
fresh	A masterful sleek vision of the future, Nolan's epic is a vigorously entertaining piece that stands as one of the best experiences of the year. Immersive, but admittedly overwhelming at times, Nolan controls the film with confidence.
fresh	A bold, beautiful cosmic adventure story with a touch of the surreal and the dreamlike.
rotten	There is an odd shallowness that reduces all the intellectual power of this endeavor to a "you mean, one atom of my fingernail could be an entire universe?" stoner joke.
rotten	The feeling upon the closing credits is one of relief; with the plot nicely tied up, hopefully Shawn Levy gets the hint and finally moves on to try new things with his career.
fresh	As if to make amends for the dubious ethics of the previous sequel (why did Ben Stiller get to decide 'his' museum exhibits were more worthy of life than the ones in the Smithsonian?), this supposed series finale has something of a wised-up, elegiac tone.
fresh	You may not find many original moments in the corny humor of "Night at the Museum: Secret of the Tomb." But, you will enjoy time spent with old friends in this third and final film in the series.
rotten	If you keep it busy enough, people won't notice how slapdash the plot is.
rotten	...sporadically entertaining yet ultimately disappointing...
fresh	Liked the first two NATM films? Then guess what? Director Shawn Levy and his producers knew better than the mess with a formula that works and so have delivered more of the same...Throwaway fun.
fresh	The core charm of the series has always revolved around fusty old museum exhibits coming to life after opening hours, and the novelty still hasn't quite worn off.
fresh	The appearances of Robin Williams and Mickey Rooney (who have both since died) adds extra poignance to a film that pretty much follows the contours of its predecessors.
fresh	Larry and his crew head for London and more slightly laboured mayhem, with slapstick gags that seem designed for younger viewers.
fresh	I wept for for Teddy Roosevelt, Mr. Robin Williams. In one of his last screen appearances, there's moments when it feels as though he's saying goodbye to us.
rotten	The movie is dedicated to Robin Williams and Mickey Rooney (who also makes a return appearance), which isn't a bad way for a franchise to go out.
rotten	A tepid, sedate, snoozy affair, giving none of its famous people in the supporting cast much to do at all.
rotten	Given the themes explored, and the potential in the enchantment coming to an abrupt end - this picture should be more poignant and heartfelt than what transpires.
fresh	"We're making a terrible mistake!" somebody yells during this sequel's '30s prologue. What follows proves that dire prediction to be unfounded.
rotten	"Night at the Museum" was always the best when it was closest to complete anarchy, tapping into the zippy, good-natured malevolence of filmmakers like Joe Dante, but here that energy is gone, replaced by a kind of sleepy noncommittal attitude.
rotten	Send-off for an uber-bland family franchise that has never really embraced the anarchic spirit of its Toy Story-riffing high-concept.
fresh	An affectionate closer for the series - and two of its performers, Mickey Rooney and Robin Williams.
fresh	It's all dumb, but fun.
rotten	Unfortunately, the Lancelot scenes are few and far between, leaving the rest of the picture to CGI displays, arcing streams of monkey urine, and false sentiment.
rotten	Somewhere amid the rictus grins of this cynical seasonal offering there lurks the spectre of the old-school variety show in which tradition demands that you applaud a string of famous people for simply turning up, rather than actually being any good.
fresh	It's clear the Museum franchise is running on fumes. Tell that to Ben Stiller and Rebel Wilson.
fresh	Scrambled slapstick marks this bittersweet farewell to Robin Williams and Mickey Rooney.
fresh	"Secret of the Tomb" is pure fun with more than its share of surprises and action set-pieces...
fresh	Night at the Museum: Secret of the Tomb is a fun enough trilogy-capper for every family or fan that has followed the series.
rotten	What began as a fun and unique high-concept comedy with 2006's Night at the Museum is by this third installment bereft of life and creativity.
rotten	This really is a hopeless project that makes little of the original film's few good ideas and adds no new ones worth enduring.
rotten	Mediocre action "threequel" is livened by stellar cast.
rotten	Even for the third entry in a family franchise, the construction is lazy to the point of indifference.
fresh	A bittersweet farewell to Robin Williams. Stiller is a hoot as Neanderthal Laa, and Dan Stevens' Lancelot, a fugitive from Spamalot, is fun, too. If you think this is the end, you are mistaken.
rotten	Made from the "kids-won't-care-how-badly-we-slapped-this-thing-together" school of filmmaking.
fresh	I can't remember when a movie has surprised me as much as this one. I was so much not a fan of the first two but with new writers and a sparkling performance by Dan Stevens as Sir Lancelot it has lots of laugh out loud lines.
fresh	Now in its third instalment, it's clearer than ever that this franchise is based on one joke that has been stretched far beyond the breaking point.
rotten	The best of the now three - I even laughed twice -and it's the last time we'll see Robin Williams or Mickey Rooney. Swan songs for great actors deserve better.
rotten	The movie itself is harmless and needless and would have been forgotten by the ages if it weren't for the fact that it gave us one last chance to remember something greater.
fresh	This film, like this franchise, was never going to be great ---- but if you can get into its gee-whiz vibe and its mix of stonefaced deadpans and serious slapstick, you're in for a movie you will appreciate and your kids will love.
rotten	I don't think this latest installment of 'Night at the Museum' signals it's time for renovations. Rather, it's more like the exhibit should be closed for good. (Full Content Review -- Sex, Profanity, etc. -- for Parents also available)
rotten	This third installment's VIP is 'Downton Abbey's Dan Stevens, exhibiting a surprising knack for comedy as Sir Lancelot, but Stiller seems strangely enervated as Larry...and Robin Williams, in his last screen appearance, barely there.
rotten	The antidote for too much smiling and happiness during the holiday season.
rotten	The exhibits in this "Night at the Museum" may still come to life nightly. But their latest movie stays stubbornly inert.
fresh	A surprisingly enjoyable, fitfully entertaining romp for all the family, with a satisfying gag count.
fresh	Funny, charming kiddie-flick fare.
fresh	There are some key elements that make this "Night at the Museum" sequel work better than its predecessor.
fresh	Like many a sequel that has exhausted its plot possibilities, Secret of the Tomb looks abroad to add color and culture.
rotten	With the exception of a winsomely sentimental denouement, this is exceedingly humdrum stuff.
rotten	Let the dust finally settle on these museum pieces.
fresh	This conclusive entry in the franchise has been rendered with skills, smarts and no small amount of heart.
rotten	In becoming what film industry bean-counters like to call a franchise, the Night At The Museum pictures have rather exhausted what, the first time out, in 2006, was a fair-sized dollop of comic novelty and charm.
fresh	It's kind of fun, unembarrassingly, and not least of all because the people who made it look like they had a good time doing so.
fresh	This final edition of Night of the Museum is not only a fitting end to the series. It is a sheer delight.
fresh	The series now brings chaos to real-life museum director Neil MacGregor's London domain and along the way reveals what happens when characters from those disputed Parthenon bas-reliefs strut their funky stuff.
rotten	Not every movie merits a series, and not every series deserves a fond farewell.
rotten	It's a shame there isn't some magic golden tablet that can bring dead scripts to life. A dose of energy and originality would have gone a long way toward making this tired and dusty story a little richer.
rotten	Instead of crafting a meaningful family comedy with some low level of educational integrity, Shawn Levy and his cohorts merely string together a series of sensational, kiddie-pleasing visuals.
fresh	Nice effects work, a relatively swift-moving narrative, sweet performances, and, by now, a well-worn premise prove inspiring this time out, and not deadening.
fresh	Assuming Wilson isn't being eyed as Stiller's replacement (or are we starting rumors?), it's satisfying to see this series ultimately shake off the relic dust and bow out with energy.
fresh	The good news: it's a zippy 90 minutes. The bad news: way too many of those minutes involve a peeing monkey.
fresh	A diverting and, here and there, rather funny journey for the museum stalwart Larry and his menagerie of Teddy Roosevelt, a miniature Roman general, a Neanderthal, a capuchin monkey and others.
rotten	If you think that the only thing missing from the volcanic eruption in ancient Pompeii was a urinating monkey, you're in luck.
rotten	Instead of celebrating history and its educational advantages, the Museum franchise treats the past like a patsy, robbing it of both its dignity and its meaning
fresh	Good-natured and entertainingly surreal ...
rotten	Ben Stiller, Steve Coogan, Owen Wilson, Ricky Gervais -- all of them were considered edgy when they first arrived on the scene, but for some performers an edge is just something you use to pry open the piggy bank.
fresh	Ben Stiller and crew go for the easy laughs, spackling the cracks in their armor with a cavalcade of marquee-name cameos and one dizzying action scene after another.
rotten	Granted, this series is primarily for kids, but nobody should feel dumber after watching a movie with "museum" in the title.
fresh	The film as a whole is still merely decent, but the bar has definitely been raised here.
fresh	Against the odds, perhaps, but part three injects a tiring franchise with new life and some surprisingly dark jokes.
rotten	Williams glows briefly in one of his final roles, but the overall magic feels dim.
fresh	Viewers aged ten or under can safely enter this latest Museum and have a good time. But those older had best be toting a tot or two.
rotten	Mainly for "Night at the Museum" diehards.
rotten	Other than some stock establishing shots of London, the British setting is wasted, as are Ben Kingsley and Ricky Gervais, who, at times, seem almost embarrassed to be caught on camera.
fresh	It's a hectic pileup, this movie, but at least in its final laps it takes the time to say its goodbyes more or less properly.
rotten	"Night at the Museum: Secret of the Tomb" is a rather lackluster affair, a cash grab that tries to aim a little higher but confuses sappy shortcuts with real emotion.
rotten	For all the CGI whiz-bang and volumes of encyclopedia figures to play with, director Shawn Levy still hasn't figured out how to make the proceedings exciting.
rotten	One doesn't come to a movie of this sort expecting anybody's best work. Or at least one certainly shouldn't, because it won't materialize.
rotten	Frankly, there isn't a whole lot about this scenario that isn't disturbing on some level.
fresh	Moments ... come close to realising the franchise's much-grasped-at potential as timeless children's entertainment.
fresh	What is unexpected is the depth of emotion of many of the situations ...
rotten	A rehash of old gags told with half the zip and a rather depressing send-off for two comedy legends.
fresh	There's a serenity to museum visits, especially if it's a place you know and love. "Night at the Museum: Secret of the Tomb," amazingly, recaptures that feeling in big-studio franchise form.
rotten	More meh than manic, too reliant on wide shots of the ragtag Museum of Natural History cohorts striding down corridors.
rotten	Levy -- who directed all three movies -- just couldn't muster up enough freshness to make this installment stand out from others.
fresh	Where the previous films felt frenetic and forced, this outing feels breezier, more enjoyable and less contrived.
fresh	Gen X avatar Stiller, having made his own way and found some peace, must now confront the fact that his son has his own plans for life and how to live it.
fresh	Secret of the Tomb will make a fine distraction for families looking for something to do after their holiday dinner.
rotten	Like your average gallery, Night at the Museum:Secret of the Tomb is the same tour you've been on before, just with a few new visiting exhibits.
fresh	The third installment, Night at the Museum: Secret of the Tomb may be the best, and even the generally wound-too-tight Ben Stiller - once again playing a bemused Museum of Natural History guard - is easy to tolerate.
fresh	Manages to end the film with an emotional finale that closes out the series in a bittersweet manner.
rotten	Lacks the energy of the first two but should still please the kiddies. Still, the franchise seems to have run out of gas.
rotten	Three decent jokes, 97 minutes. A sad farewell for Robin Williams and Mickey Rooney.
fresh	In the end, "Secret of the Tomb" certainly wasn't necessary, but its earnest goofiness is hard to resist.
rotten	On the evidence of this outing, it's probably best to put the franchise in permanent storage.
fresh	Franchise Fred approves.
fresh	It's breezy, big-hearted, fitfully amusing and mildly educational. If this is your ten-year-old's movie franchise of choice, you're probably on to a good thing.
rotten	This third and supposedly final edition in the franchise is nothing more than an uncomfortably transparent contractual obligation.
rotten	Night at the Museum: Secret of the Tomb is so laboured and lousy it makes you want to punch yourself in the face.
rotten	The most worthy figure from British history the writers can think to reincarnate is - wait for it - Sir Lancelot.
fresh	A zippy script injects renewed life to the Museum franchise, offering a crowd-pleasing mix of inventive ideas, quirky humour and impressive visual effects to its star-studded cast
rotten	Because when young children go to see a movie about dinosaur skeletons and a capuchin monkey who come alive at night in a museum, what they really want is to hear a divorced dad nagging his teen son about the value of an education.
fresh	A pretty scattershot family adventure that nevertheless delivers enough emotional warmth and impressive eye candy to justify its place in the holiday season line-up.
fresh	An altogether satisfying end to a series that has been vastly more entertaining than it had any reason to be.
rotten	Time to hang up the "Closed for Renovation" sign.
rotten	
rotten	Marshall seems to have missed the point entirely, giving us one of the most straightforward, blandest interpretations of a satire imaginable.
fresh	It's the best Sondheim adaptation, but that's not saying much.
fresh	some of the violence and, in particular, more explicitly sexualized aspects of the original production have been eliminated or softened, although the overall tone remains decidedly dark and complicated
fresh	Disney has taken great care to make a movie musical that honors the source material and what a joyful journey it is.
rotten	Musical trip into the woods looks great, but where is the magic?
rotten	The entire third act feels like a tacked-on verse that has no place in the finished song.
fresh	An enchanting picture that is grounded by its distinct profundity.
fresh	No amount of good acting, quality singing and clever songs can cover the fact that it feels like ... two movies stuck together.
fresh	The story never seems to end. It just keeps lurching on, anti-climax after anti-climax.
fresh	The movie may not deliver every Sondheim fanatic's hopes for a perfect cinematic Into the Woods but it makes for at least a respectable, if not remarkable night at the movies.
fresh	A disclaimer: Despite a dizzying and delightful first half, the film ultimately devolves into a very grim fairy tale.
rotten	The third act, in fact, is practically one long effects sequence (and those are never tiresome).
fresh	Sondheim's contrapuntal harmonies and intricate wordplay may not leave you humming but they are full of beauty and rueful wisdom.
fresh	Disney's enthralling, enormously entertaining film version of Stephen Sondheim's 1987 Broadway musical comedy is such a joy it makes you wonder what took them so long...Director Rob Marshall (Chicago) never puts a foot, or a note, wrong.
fresh	Meryl Streep luxuriates in her blue wig as the vengeful Witch who's also a moral compass.
fresh	If it only exists for Sondheim fans, it exists well for them. Supposedly the man himself is happy with it, and so he should be. It treats his work with complete reverence, respect, and love.
rotten	Walt Disney and Stephen Sondheim make unusual bedfellows, despite a shared interest in folklore and fairy tales and other bedtime stories.
rotten	La Streep gives it some much-needed oomph, but just wishing upon her star power won't make your dreams come true.
fresh	I imagine it helps if you love the music.
fresh	Sondheim's cleverness is fascinatingly at odds with a direct morality plainspoken enough for any children who may be listening.
fresh	Rob Marshall opens the musical up for the screen without going too far. It's grounded, replacing razzle-dazzle with full-on emotion.
fresh	Spirited performances from an all-star cast and Rob Marshall's deft handling of all things musical makes Into the Woods a fun watch, yet the giant problem of pacing and questionable moral centre stops it from becoming a classic of the genre.
fresh	...a superior example of adapting the stage to the screen.
fresh	Worth seeing.
fresh	Works on most of its profound levels.
fresh	It's dark and it's funny and it's genuinely heartbreaking - in a world where no one believes in happy ever after, this is the fairytale we need.
fresh	Yet amid the cleverness and the wickedly subversive tilt they take, there's an affectionate regard for all of their characters.
fresh	A layer of theatregoing good taste covers this entertaining if stately movie musical, based on Stephen Sondheim's stage show, which opened in the US in 1987 and has been revived constantly since.
rotten	Into the Woods sets out to dazzle yet only leaves you wishing for more.
fresh	The film belongs to the divine Ms. Streep, who is by turns funny, vulnerable, philosophical and terrifying...
rotten	There are brilliant, bewitching moments allied to hilarious and touching ones. Just not enough of them in what veers, at length, between the clever, the terrifying and the bit tiring.
fresh	It's a pity and a sin, the songs are spread so thin But this really is a joyous film A delightful and surprising film It really is a joyous film Sondheim!
fresh	Thanks heavens for a terrific Emily Blunt who, as the occasionally tortured Baker's Wife, seems intent on single-handedly battering the piece back towards respectability.
fresh	The musical threads in Sondheim's score wind their way through the film effortlessly, and the performers relish the razor-sharp lyrics he's given them.
rotten	With the exception of Meryl Streep (as the Witch) and James Corden (as the Baker), the cast is bland, and the bombastic orchestrations tend to steamroll the nuances of Sondheim's score.
fresh	Into the Woods is a magical film, one that combines the natural wonder of the fairy tales it portrays with terrific songs that simultaneously poke fun of those tales and lovingly embrace them.
fresh	Family entertainment with death, limb-lopping and other horrors. If you go Into The Woods today, you'll be surprised how faithful this is to the dark stage musical.
rotten	...a neither here-nor-there Christmas holiday tent pole that, however well crafted, does not do its pedigree justice.
rotten	A film which, given its story and cast, is surprisingly pedestrian.
fresh	Outside of some delightful performances from bona fide movie stars, there's little in Marshall's Into The Woods to justify the leap to the big screen.
fresh	It performs its duties competently, benefits from some fantastic casting, and gives us some fun tunes to whistle on our way home. But Sondheim was hunting for bigger game.
fresh	All too often the film seems too much like canned theater -- a mere recording of a stage event.
fresh	If you go down to the woods today... you'll find A-listers dressed like 'Game of Thrones' extras belting out showtunes.
fresh	"Into the Woods" gets long in the tooth suddenly, and some audience members will find themselves getting restless as the run time allows for too many unnecessary subplots
rotten	Woods gives a game effort but can't quite sustain it's own momentum.
rotten	Contains no shortage of great actors, none of whom can do anything to distract from the film's horribly awkward pacing or the apparent visual indifference of its director.
fresh	What is the price of getting what we wished for? Are we happier for getting it? In this case, the singing and dancing answer is, thankfully, yes.
fresh	It's taken a long time for this stage musical to make it to the big screen, and while director Rob Marshall once again fails to give the story a sharp focus (see also Chicago and Nine), he at least lets the music and characters shine.
rotten	Into the Woods sulks under a deadening series of moments in which characters sit around contemplating their fates with morose undertones, often boring the audience to tears.
rotten	[Marshall] just gets as much coverage as the budget allows, then throws everything into the blender -- so you wind up working against what you see on the screen, rather than letting yourself go with it.
fresh	The casting is great, the voices are clear, and the plot is easy to follow. The creativity shown with the overlapping lyrics and storylines also put a smile on my face.
fresh	It takes a while to get to happily-ever-after with so many storylines to wrap up, but there's enough consistent charm to make familiar characters seem fresh again.
fresh	Can't help but be good based on the songs alone, but should have had more of an emotional and dramatic impact.
fresh	Stephen Sondheim's marvelously intertwined tapestry of several Grimm fairy tales debuts on the big screen with an all-star cast---and enough Disney tweaking to make it marketable to younger audiences.
rotten	This musical, based on the Sondheim - Lapine play has some good performances, but the story is a disaster. It reminds me of stories Saturday Night Live's Michael O'Donoghue used to tell, like 'The Little Engine that Died.'
fresh	As a collection of musical performances, the film is pretty terrific.
fresh	Marshall has assembled an excellent crew, and it is clearly apparent that everyone who worked on "Into The Woods" is an expert in their respective fields.
fresh	Marshall struck gold in 2002 with his Oscar-nominated smash "Chicago", but he followed that up with the disastrous "Nine" in 2009. Now, with a superb cast spearheaded by the ethereal Ms. Streep, Marshall has another hit.
fresh	The movie is a watchable, tuneful contraption.
rotten	Marshall would be a better fit for an Andrew Lloyd Webber adaptation. I can't think of anything meaner than that to say about anyone.
fresh	Sondheim and his collaborator James Lapine ... have to sacrifice a thing or two within the House of Mouse. But their vision, of children's stories reimagined for thinking adults, remains gloriously intact.
fresh	The negative is that, in order to make the film "family friendly," some of the darker elements of the show have been removed.
rotten	Blunt's Baker's Wife, Streep's effects-aided badness and underlying vulnerability as The Witch, as well as a fleeting encounter with Depp's Wolf are the primary reasons to go into the woods.
fresh	The cast is uniformly strong, with Corden's naive kindness and Blunt's shrewd, quick thinking playing off each other particularly well at the movie's center.
rotten	A terrible, misguided adaptation.
rotten	It's a shame that work as sophisticated as Sondheim's is left badly interpreted by a director who can't keep up with the subtext.
fresh	Any lack of daring is easily offset by the film's exquisite storybook look, which is topped only by an outstanding cast that knows how to sing and, more importantly, have fun.
rotten	Meryl Streep cannot reverse the curse. "Agony" was agony to sit through.
fresh	I'm a big fan of Stephen Sondheim so I suspect I'm an unusually tough audience for "Into the Woods," but I liked it a lot.
fresh	"Into the Woods," a movie adaptation of the Broadway musical, is one of this year's best films.
rotten	For fans of stage and screen musicals, though, "Into the Woods" should be a big hit. [I am definitely NOT a fan...]
fresh	Director Rob Marshall... makes good use of Hollywood magic to make the fairy tale magic seem real in a way that is not possible on stage.
fresh	The music left this non-Sondheim fan cold, but the film does not have to rely on the music. I normally don't like fantasy, but I liked this, despite a 180 degree turn from light to dark in the third act. That said, this is a movie that begs for 3D.
fresh	A fun and authentically original and trip into your favorite fairy tales. Acts 1 and 2 are terrific. The third act brings it down a bit.
fresh	Stephen Sondheim's Into the Woods, as directed by Rob Marshall, from James Lapine's screenplay, is movie musical bliss - better than Marshall's Oscar-winning Chicago and so much better than his miscast, misbegotten Nine.
rotten	The production looks handsome, but Marshall's direction renders it all a bit stiff, with no real passion behind the proceedings, and the deficiencies in the original source material are present and actually amplified here.
fresh	Marshall's film captures enough of the emotions that course through this sneaky fairy tale about childish things like love, sex, grief, insecurity, abandonment, and forbearance.
rotten	Busy without being involving, energetic without having much excitement... And the lesson is this: Everyone dies, sooner or later.
rotten	The emphasis is on sheer, overwhelming size, color, and spectacle. The music and dancing blasts from the screen like an assault. The plot and acting are frantic and oversized.
fresh	...a strange, wondrous brew...
fresh	A jolly mash-up of symbol-laden, signature once-upon-a-time tales about lust, envy, greed, and misguided pursuits of happiness.
rotten	It doesn't pack nearly as much of a wallop as "Chicago" or "Les Miserables."
fresh	With its creative premise, terrific ensemble, mesmerizing visuals and dazzling musical numbers, it's a dream come true for fans of the revered Broadway production.
rotten	Into The Woods is excellent proof that we, as a society, need to rise up and stop Rob Marshall from directing a movie ever again.
fresh	Sondheim's fairy tale musical is dark, complex, sublime.
fresh	Into the Woods struggles to fine tune prior iterations for the big screen and find its own identity but it's still an enchanting and entertaining musical experience.
fresh	While I'll give it a slight recommendation, it just didn't do much for me. (Full Content Review -- Sex, Profanity, etc. -- for Parents also available)
rotten	It's certainly a pretty film, with a real spring in its step for a fair amount of screentime, but once it begins to take itself seriously, "Into the Woods" is lost forever.
fresh	Entertaining, but ultimately unsatisfying adaptation of the Sondheim musical.
fresh	The film is, in some ways, more accessible than the stage version, which will make it easier for parents to bring their kids, even if some of the darkness of Sondheim's original work is brightened in translation.
fresh	"Into the Woods," the splendid Disney screen adaptation of the Stephen Sondheim-James Lapine musical, infuses new vitality into the tired marketing concept of entertainment for "children of all ages."
fresh	"Into the Woods" could have taken a well-worn path toward stagey sentiments, but those who worried that Hollywood might drain the enchantment from the Enchanted Forest can live happily after.
fresh	A complicated, challenging retelling of classic fairy tales where having your wish granted may leave you worse off than you were before.
rotten	If you love musicals and adore Sondheim's work, you'll likely love it. However, if you're not looking for the Broadway-on-screen experience, this is one to skip.
fresh	The sly send-up of fantasy tropes and healthy doses of humor help Into the Woods feel very much like the books and films it gently satirizes, even as it stands on its own as a solid entry into the musical-fantasy genre.
fresh	Neither Hollywood nor purely Broadway, Disney's big-screen adaptation of the Stephen Sondheim musical "Into the Woods" finds an imperfect but charming, family-friendly home on Hollyway.
fresh	An entertaining, if awkward, adaptation of Stephen Sondheim's hit Broadway musical.
fresh	Rob Marshall - who previously shepherded a glossy if slightly diluted version of "Chicago" to the screen - does a decent job transferring the material.
rotten	Sondheim's angular, interval-hopping material feels like one continuous song interrupted by dialogue. The cast often seems to be talking over a musical score rather than singing.
fresh	It's heartening that at a time when movie musicals are still an endangered species, such loving care has gone into bringing one of Sondheim's most ingenious, affecting works to the screen without unduly compromising what makes it so special.
fresh	Mutlilayered...Though any film adaptation of a classic musical is bound to be a mixed bag, Sondheim fans have dodged another bullet here with this impressive transplant, one that retains the play's complicated moral character along with most of its music.
rotten	Something got lost on the way to the Magic Kingdom.
rotten	The central problem of the movie is one of redundancy.
fresh	As with Chicago, Marshall makes bold choices, but they pay off. His cast may glitter with film stars, but they work as an ensemble and keep their stories emotionally true against a terrifically rich orchestral accompaniment.
fresh	What makes "Into the Woods" so entertaining is the cleverness of the tale itself and the way specific characters match the talents of its storytellers.
fresh	If nothing else, "Into the Woods" will provide edifying sustenance for holiday crowds desperate to find a fitting movie to share with their family after the gift-opening and feasting is over.
rotten	Instead of being a rueful meditation on the inevitable disappointments of adulthood, the last act plays out as a generic dystopian bummer.
fresh	A mixed bag of clever twists on familiar storybook myths, engaging performances and forgettable songs.
fresh	"Into the Woods" is a paean to the primal magic of storytelling.
fresh	The long-awaited, star-studded big-screen version of Stephen Sondheim's smash musical inspired by Grimm's fairy tales retains much, if not all, of the original's charm.
rotten	Not your typical Disney fairy tale, for better or worse.
fresh	For better or worse, this is your prestige crowd pleasing movie for the Christmas season.
fresh	The Stephen Sondheim-James Lapine 1987 musical Into the Woods has been transferred to the screen by director Rob Marshall with most of its complexities and light-dark tonalities intact.
fresh	Marshall has always had grand visions for his musicals onscreen, and he fleshes out the stage production of Into the Woods to extraordinary lengths, particularly in the production design (Dennis Gassner and Anna Pinnock) of the titular mysterious woods.
fresh	If the whole thing sounds ridiculous, at least Into the Woods is in on the joke.
fresh	Into the Woods is a grandly satisfying experience -- one rooted in old-fashioned storytelling, peerless songcraft, and a genuine respect for the viewer's intelligence.
rotten	I left disenchanted and irritated by so many missed opportunities.
fresh	Chris Pine sends up his golden boy image as the Prince who's charming if not sincere, his singing amusingly exaggerated with trills and flourishes, but his shared number with Rapunzel's Prince begins the film's mid section bog down.
fresh	They do that talkie-singing-singy-talking thing.
rotten	Into the Woods is eighty minutes of energy and joy followed by forty more of tiresome, by-the-numbers visual effects. The drop-off in quality is notable.
fresh	A delightfully-staged Disney musical that offers up a few great musical moments.
fresh	"Into the Woods'' thankfully retains most of its wit and bite, and showcases two of the year's very best female performances, from Streep and Blunt.
fresh	An amazing, fun, fantastic, hilarious movie ... for the first two-thirds of the film.
fresh	"Into the Woods" arrives on screen in a whittled-down form that keeps most of the stage show's songs but loses much of its soul.
fresh	Does it work as a movie? Thanks to a few cast members, the answer is - yes, and for the most part quite nicely.
fresh	For anyone who can appreciate the darker side of fairy-tales told in a musical with depth and nuance, Into the Woods is a journey worth taking.
fresh	A capable cast and some very fine songs, but parents should take note of the dark themes. This Disney movie ain't kid stuff.
fresh	Into the Woods is a musical journey full of strong performances, a beautiful fairytale landscape and a story that is emotionally haunting. Climb up a beanstalk to see this movie musical.
fresh	Marshall, aided by James Lapine adapting from his Broadway book, reinvents Into the Woods as a zesty, cinematic experience.
fresh	What is celebrated is the art of storytelling and the bedazzling attraction of a killer cast, uninhibited acting, giddy escapism, attractive visuals and an extroverted score.
fresh	Steven Sondheim's musical theater meditation on the complication, compromise, and carnality that adulthood brings to the fairy-tale world of children's fairy tales, gently Disneyfied for younger audiences eager to sing along.
fresh	Some of the musical's superfans will feel shortchanged by the movie no matter what, but you have to give credit where it's due. The adaptation is pretty faithful to the original - for better and worse.
fresh	It's a filmmaker and, by extension, an entire studio smartly and vividly understanding that genius need only be translated to a different medium, not tampered with.
fresh	The cast is top-notch, the story is satisfyingly dark, the performances are fun and, of course, the songs are terrific.
fresh	With archness and irony, "Into the Woods" goes deeper into the fairy stories, allowing us to see familiar archetypes in new and not so flattering ways.
rotten	Dark, wounded, spiteful, rich with retribution, rife with injustice and glorying in sudden death: doesn't a pluperfect adaptation of a Stephen Sondheim musical sound like a brooding triumph we've yet to have in movie form?
fresh	Even if this Into The Woods lacks the exhilaration of the best movie musicals, it does capture the show's emotional intimacy -- no small task in a field that favors razzle dazzle.
rotten	The only number [Rob] Marshall figures out is "Agony," featuring studly princes Pine and Billy Magnussen ripping open a shirt button every time the chorus comes around while splashing about in water.
fresh	With Meryl Streep, Emily Blunt, James Corden, Anna Kendrick & Chris Pine leading the way, Into the Woods is an enjoyable romp through the world of classic storybook characters
fresh	Yes, the sets and costumes elicit swoons, but it's the peerless Sondheim score, however truncated, that makes this Woods a prime destination.
rotten	This may be the version of this musical that fans want, but... for those not predisposed to like this show it's hard to see that the film will sway them to take multiple journeys "Into The Woods"
rotten	Once upon a time, I yawned.
rotten	We are now at the point where pop culture has passed Into the Woods by, stripped it for parts, and left it for dead.
fresh	Fans are sure to be pleased by what Marshall and screenwriter James Lapine have done here. If anything, my similar reaction to the musical and the film just goes to show how great a job they've done in bringing it from the stage to the screen.
fresh	Great performances in a mostly uninteresting production.
fresh	A Grim, Glorious "Woods."
rotten	Into the Woods left me out in the cold.
rotten	Into the Woods has a subversive nature that is not exactly simpatico with the Disney version.
fresh	It's hard not to get swept up in the grand production of it all.
rotten	...musical numbers that veer toward the operatic, then turgid.
fresh	With its ominous gnarled trees and enchanted look, Into the Woods is a place worth exploring.
fresh	Disney's film of Stephen Sondheim's ironic fairy tale musical keeps the master's gorgeous melodies, knowing lyrics, and finger wagging intact.
rotten	Director Rob Marshall simply cuts from one tale to the next, isolating his actors. There's little sense that the fairytale space is a shared one -- it's just a bunch of noisy incident transpiring in unrelated treestands.
fresh	For years, composer and lyricist Stephen Sondheim's 1987 fairy tale mashup, written with librettist James Lapine, has hacked its way through the thicket of Hollywood development. And the movie now before us? Here's a relief: It's good.
fresh	Rumbles on for too long and has some dry patches here and there-but just when we're growing fidgety, we get another rousing musical number or another dark plot twist, and we're back in business.
rotten	Falls off the stage.
rotten	With its Grimm-flavored sets and richly designed costumes, this Disney adaptation boasts a visual grandness. But dramatically, much of the magic feels drained from it all.
fresh	Dark and heavenly, sardonic and touching, the film melodically navigates its every narrative turn and tonal shift with the same grace afforded to its gloriously shrewd music and lyrics.
fresh	Into the Woods is a musical unruined by the transition from stage to screen, which is pretty much the best we can hope for when it comes to Stephen Sondheim adaptations.
fresh	Gorgeously mounted, well cast and beautifully sung, but cutting it down has robbed the musical of much of its heart
fresh	[Emily Blunt's] the heartbeat of the film, providing it with its most winning and empathetic performance ... She's the film's most valuable player.
fresh	This is why she's Meryl Streep. You give her some lyrics and choreography and she'll just do them better than anyone else. Now she's doing it in prosthetic makeup, an unwieldy costume and visual effects too.
rotten	In this overlong musical, Red Ridinghood is so obnoxious that she drags down the movie.
rotten	"Into The Woods" has its moments, especially any time Streep is on screen, but as it strains on at an overlong two hours, the glitter of fairy tale movie magic diminishes, leaving only a pale shadow.
rotten	The less time spent in his woods the better.
fresh	This is a really entertaining film overall, doing justice to Stephen Sondheim's fun, skewed look at the world of fairy tales.
fresh	Into the Woods is still worth the trip: It's comfort food cooked by a master chef. Nothing fancy, but it will leave you full.
fresh	I can still slightly recommend Into the Woods for its genuine entertainment value for the majority of the picture, and for the strong performances that almost salvage the weaker final third.
fresh	Fine family fun, as you'd expect from Disney, [that] dishes out some spectacular song numbers, heart-lifting performances, and even some belly laughs.
rotten	Over-scaled, too dark and only intermittently charming.
fresh	Corden is a wonderfully funny, self-effacing bloke - I'm thrilled at the prospect of seeing him nightly, hosting his own show after Colbert. Maybe he'll have Emily Blunt as a guest. It's her movie.
fresh	This PG-rated romp is, refreshingly, less notable for its happily-ever-afters than its oh-no-they-didn'ts.
rotten	Marshall delivers Into the Woods to the screen dutifully, but what's lost is the real point of the show as an exploration of storytelling-& the playfulness too, in both senses, for stage Sondheim is both ludic & fully mindful of its own status as play.
fresh	Tuneful and enchanting...Dare I say it's even better than the stage version?Because Stephen Sondheim's intricate music and insightful, tongue-twisting lyrics are crystal-clear.
fresh	The life lessons are delivered with insight and heart, the rightfully beloved music is well handled and the cast is so enthusiastic that we can excuse some rough patches.
fresh	The first hour of James Lapine's adaptation is so wholesomely fulfilling. When the story takes a sudden, yet awkward shift into "serious" and more adult territory, this Disney produced spectacle struggles to find its footing.
rotten	This movie always seems to distance itself from that existential truth that was at the core of Sondheim's original.
fresh	Into the Woods is a strangely patchy and episodic affair. Some of it is dazzling; some of it would barely pass muster in a provincial Christmas pantomime.
fresh	Entertaining and far funnier than I expected, although when Johnny Depp is the most subtle thing in your movie, you know you've gone a little too far over the top.
fresh	The first two-thirds of the film, which are like the Brothers Grimm's Greatest Hits on laughing gas, have a fizzy, fairy-dust energy.
rotten	There's no genuine heart beating at the center of the film. It's a dutiful but perfunctory adaptation, sapped of vim and spirit.
fresh	The stage musical delightfully reminded audiences that while happy endings are possible, you should always be careful about what you've wished for. Now comes the movie version, and it's a singing and dancing manifestation of both of those ideas.
fresh	Rob Marshall rekindles the fire of the movie musical with the exceptionally performed, exquisitely designed Into the Woods.
rotten	This isn't a happily ever after kind of fairytale, but it seems that Marshall and Disney haven't really come to an agreement on what kind of story it should be and crucially, who it's aimed at.
fresh	It's all vigorous fun, a wonderful, wintry entertainment, but its branches catch at your heart.
fresh	If so much as one tween viewer adds Sondheim to his or her iPod playlist alongside the likes of "Let it Go," all will have been worthwhile.
fresh	This twisty fairy-tale mash-up shows an appreciation for the virtues of old-fashioned storytelling, along with a welcome dash of subversive wit.
fresh	A darkly comic, sneakily touching tale of a collection of fairy tale icons who discover how hard it is to find a happy ending ... ably demonstrates the staying power of Sondheim's 28-year-old tunes and the mythic resonance of Lapine's storytelling.
fresh	Don't expect to be humming the tunes afterwards; most likely you will remember the quirky ideas, the fabulous set design, Meryl Streep's blue-haired witch and handsome Chris Pine as Prince Charming who is a real scene stealer as he hams it all up
fresh	A very thoughtful and bewildering drama about a man who was meant to do great things in a world that was not ready to accept his eccentricities.
fresh	An enthralling spy thriller-turned-prestige bio pic that features a world-class performance by Benedict Cumberbatch.
rotten	The intriguing subject matter is, to an increasingly dismaying degree, rendered moot by filmmaker Morten Tyldum's run-of-the-mill sensibilities...
rotten	A huge disappointment. Someone had taken the 'British Biography' template from the shelf with nary any reworking.
rotten	As much as I wanted to suspend my disbelief and take pleasure in the actors' brilliance, The Imitation Game lacks credibility on every level. Still, Cumberbatch, Keira Knightley... [and] Mark Strong are terrific.
fresh	Solid historical drama about someone who changed the world but is unknown today.
fresh	A highly entertaining, immaculately produced drama about a genius-hero whose stiff-upper-lip resolve can't block a kick in the teeth when, years after the war, he is prosecuted for the 'crime' of homosexuality.
fresh	The story, though considerably altered to make it more dramatic, is an interesting one, and Turing and Clarke's relationship is compelling in the film. Cumberbatch and Keira Knightley both give great performances in this film.
fresh	A well-crafted character study which just might land the talented Benedict Cumberbatch a coveted Academy Award.
fresh	A moving tribute to an extraordinary man.
fresh	Cumberbatch gives a performance that is, by turns, awkward, triumphant, and heartbreaking.
fresh	Deftly directed by Morten Tyldum (Headhunters), the film does a great job building tension as these eggheads bond in a common cause against the Nazis. Yet as a cinematic celebration of the work Turing and his team did, the film is heavily qualified.
fresh	The Imitation Game both brings to life and pays tribute to Turing's history-altering and pioneering work that paved the way for modern computing.
fresh	Nearly every moment is infused with Importance.
fresh	If you don't know who mathematician Alan Turing (Benedict Cumberbatch) was, then 'The Imitation Game' is a solid introduction to this complex individual whose discoveries were the foundation of the modern computer.
fresh	What's with the fascination in 2014 about World War II? This is the best of three very good films and looks at the invention of the computer by an unusual cast of characters.
fresh	The Imitation Game walks a fine line in making the familiar effective, also reflecting A Beautiful Mind at points.
fresh	Benedict Cumberbatch gives a superbly nuanced performance, imbuing Turing with just the right amount of strangeness to make him endearing but not treacly
fresh	The Imitation Game is impressive, particularly due to Cumberbatch and Knightley and the highs and lows of Turing's truly remarkable life.
fresh	Cumberbatch brings his immense talent and intelligence -- and not too much glamour -- to the socially awkward, notoriously disheveled protagonist.
fresh	A rich performance with the pathos and drama of a new age of technology set within the hardships of war.
fresh	...a fine, old-fashioned Hollywood biopic of the man, filled with quality actors, an entertaining script, and the inevitable degree of minor fact-fudging to make things move along a little quicker.
rotten	It's hard to make the workings of the scientific mind dramatic, but unfortunately The Imitation Game doesn't even try.
fresh	Enthralling history unveiled in this well-acted film
fresh	Is The Imitation Game middlebrow stuff as some have claimed? In a sense, yes, it probably is, but that doesn't prevent it being compelling entertainment.
fresh	What could have been a very dry and earnest film emerges, under the intelligent direction of Norwegian Morten Tyldum working from a screenplay by Graham Moore, as a gripping and still rather extraordinary story.
fresh	The "action" here is Turing tinkering with his machine. Or simply thinking -- which, as Cumberbatch portrays it, is adventure of the highest order.
fresh	Benedict Cumberbatch's sensitive, moving performance is the film's beating heart, and the best reason to see it.
fresh	The Imitation Game has finally given Turing's remarkable legacy the broad cinematic respect it merits by showcasing it proudly in one of the five best films of the year.
fresh	Cumberbatch's performance is riveting, but Knightley deserves credit for doing it backwards and in heels, so to speak. In fact, Clarke probably deserves her own biopic as one of the few female practitioners of the code-breaking art.
fresh	The Imitation Game is an astounding story, both for its marvel and its misery.
rotten	It has flashes of brilliance, but can't sustain that greatness through its air of self-importance. It seems so bent on being a great movie that it falls short of being a good one.
fresh	Knightley here gives a mature performance that matches Cumberbatch's in commitment.
fresh	Cumberbatch's masterful performance dominates the movie, inevitably evoking his updated version of [Sherlock] Holmes... But where his Sherlock is smooth and lofty, his Turing is lofty with rough, jagged edges that keep rubbing people the wrong way.
rotten	We go into a movie knowing that the subject was as genius or a hero, a martyr or titan. We should leave with a more nuanced understanding of who he was, his complexities and flaws.
fresh	This suspenseful drama reveals pieces of its puzzle steadily and slowly, until the final heartrending picture can be seen at last.
fresh	From sets and costumes to Alexandre Desplat's musical score, The Imitation Game is everything classy that Hollywood wishes it could be.
fresh	For the filmmakers, there are simplifications that must have been inevitable, for dramatic and narrative purposes, when it comes to depicting the years of wartime work. But what of the other choices that have been made?
fresh	No stiff upper-lipped acting stone is left unturned in Morten Tyldum's earnest, honest account of the life of Alan Turing.
fresh	A compelling true story of perseverance and persecution, The Imitation Game has a lot of information it must convey to its audience. Time is of the essence. And time was always running out for Alan Turing.
fresh	With a lesser actor, The Imitation Game would have collapsed on its good intentions. Cumberbatch brings such a raw personal passion to his work, he elevates the better parts to a superb level and keeps the miscues to a minimum.
fresh	The Imitation Game is a great story that's well-told, about a man who was different from many of us -- which is to say that he was exceptional at a time when the world needed such a man most.
fresh	This beautifully designed and photographed period drama, adapted from Andrew Hodges' book The Enigma by debut screenwriter Graham Moore, centres on three important points of Turing's life.
fresh	Cumberbatch is terrific. His Turing is an intense, intellectual force and stirring mix of remote, vulnerable and present.
fresh	[Benedict Cumberbatch] has had a meteoric rise, and for good reason -- he's really good at what he does. Here, he does a lot with a little.
fresh	In a year of terrific performances by leading men, Cumberbatch gets my vote for top honors.
fresh	Even though its construction feels (*cough*) formulaic and (*ahem*) by-the-numbers, it's all in service of making Alan Turing's legend known -- as well as the tragically unjust actions taken upon him years afterwards.
fresh	Cumberbatch is the main event here, making something almost impossible (capturing such a man as Turing in a tidy two-hour package) look easy, important, and appropriately imperfect.
fresh	It's mostly to Cumberbatch's credit that The Imitation Game plays like a solid, engaging historical drama, interesting enough to suit audiences that aren't interested in either World War II history or technology.
fresh	Morten Tyldum's masterful drama neither shies away from Turing's homosexuality nor lingers on it, framing nail-biting events at Bletchley Park with the mathematician's 1951 arrest in Manchester.
fresh	It's a well told but somewhat unexciting and placid little movie that, despite the star wattage, you'd expect to catch on a Sunday afternoon on BBC2.
rotten	This film about one of the past century's smartest humans at times treats its own audience like a classroom of remedial learners.
fresh	It's a film about drive, about imagination, and how brilliance thrives outside the mainstream. These are common enough themes given uncommon purchase in a film about a man who likely saved millions of lives by never fitting in.
fresh	[Cumberbatch's] whose portrayal of the British mathematician and WWII code-smasher is a feat of nuanced intelligence, a portrait of anguish with hints of arid humor. And, yes, arrogance.
fresh	Cumberbatch does what he can to fill in the blanks and he is the real thing here -- all shyness, rudeness, acid comments, pathos, dazzling intellect and aching melancholy, while suppressing his velvety star charisma.
fresh	Although well-crafted and performed, The Imitation Game proves to be much to conventional a film about an unconventional, remarkable and tragic life.
fresh	This is a human drama that invites you to think, not just about the technicalities and the philosophies behind code-breaking, but also the social and psychological themes.
fresh	Not the year's boldest, but has perhaps one of the year's best performances
fresh	It's easy to see why The Imitation Game has been so well received. The story of Alan Turing is both fascinating and disturbing.
fresh	The film is meant to pay tribute to Turing but also isn't afraid to expose his struggles and flaws, and manages to enlighten whether or not you're already familiar with his name and accomplishments.
fresh	An engaging story about a remarkable person.
fresh	a thriller that really does thrill and at the same time draws viewers into a mathematical problem.
fresh	Benedict Cumberbatch gives a performance sure to be remembered come Oscar nomination time
fresh	Benedict Cumberbatch gives an empathy-stirring performance in the year's best biopic.
fresh	Turing's optimism in the face of the seemingly impossible wins our affection and sympathy, making his ultimate fate all the more heartbreaking.
fresh	Cumberbatch is not that good-looking, folks. And, his farts do NOT smell like roses. But, with that rant out of my system now, I must say he impresses as Turing. The role seems custom-made.
fresh	A vibrant work that refuses to be relegated to the status of just another Brit biopic appearing in the thick of awards season.
fresh	The Imitation Game is an extraordinarily riveting film with a superb score and a performance from Benedict Cumberbatch that is awkward, brilliant perfection and a welcome consideration for one of the most powerful on screen presences of the year.
fresh	Produced with a Masterpiece Theater eye for period detail, but also with a missionary's zeal to honor a wrongly dishonored man.
fresh	Performances are fiery and committed, successfully communicating the brain-bending decoding mission and its many areas of paranoia, deception, and dark confession.
fresh	Cumberbatch is moviedom's man of the moment, and with this painfully human performance, the actor who has specialized in difficult geniuses finally cracks the code of compassion.
fresh	This film's overall success hangs on Cumberbatch and what is, to date, his finest performance on the big screen.
fresh	He's an underappreciated hero brought to life through Cumberbatch's brilliant performance. It may not be Turing-level brilliant, but it's not far off.
fresh	The film plays out in a satisfying manner, but with subtlety having served its purpose, it becomes increasingly bombastic about its intent.
fresh	Despite the instances when it strays from, or grossly simplifies, the record...succeeds in presenting an affecting portrait of Alan Turing.
fresh	It would be hard to foul up the story of Alan Turing, and thankfully The Imitation Game doesn't.
fresh	While their careers include fine performances, Benedict Cumberbatch and Keira Knightley are so ambitious, so subtle and so intelligent as the protagonists of "The Imitation Game" that their earlier work feels light.
fresh	Cumberbatch moves effortlessly from master thinker to vulnerable lost soul to socially awkward twit to cagey pragmatist.
fresh	Despite its title, Tyldum's film isn't some imitator or wannabe. Rather, The Imitation Game, highlighted by a layered turn from Benedict Cumberbatch, is the real deal.
fresh	Turing may finally be getting what he deserves as the straightforward and well-acted The Imitation Game, featuring a strong performance from Benedict Cumberbatch as Turing.
fresh	Cumberbatch refines his Sherlock Holmes routine and carries a rousing movie about how English cryptographers cracked Germany's military code and shortened World War II.
fresh	No movie with as many excellent actors as "The Imitation Game" can fail to be interesting.
fresh	"The Imitation Game" is both an education and a pleasure - and another chance to revel in what Cumberbatch can convey in eloquent silence.
fresh	Unlike The King's Speech, which won a clutch of Oscars for its dull propriety and Masterpiece Theater vibe, The Imitation Game is vibrant and lively, engaging you on several levels.
fresh	Cumberbatch's finely calibrated performance helps bring to life one of history's lesser-known stories and most shameful injustices.
rotten	Consider the code cracked, translated, and laid out for all to see: different is special is good, and ordinary morality is a sham, anyway.
fresh	It's an exceptional piece of work, while serving as a commentary of how the fight for human rights is still very much in its infancy, and how far we still have to go.
fresh	Cumberbatch Heartbreaking, Brilliant in "Game."
fresh	Succeeds at rendering an irascible man sympathetic.
fresh	The film is rarely anything but entertaining and humorous but its approaches are visibly commercial.
fresh	The Imitation Game is a story that needed to be told; the highest compliment I can give Mr. Tyldum, Mr. Cumberbatch, Mr. Moore and their collaborators is that they've honoured Alan Turing.
rotten	An agonisingly shallow, de-historical depiction of Turing as psychological agent.
fresh	It's easy to see The Imitation Game as a triumph - after all, Turing accomplished what all the experts claimed was impossible - but it's equally apparent that underlying the triumph is a tragedy.
fresh	Serviceably dramatizes an important historical story while giving rising star Cumberbatch suitably juicy material.
fresh	I am reasonably familiar with the subject matter, yet the film still manages to knock my socks off
fresh	A riveting biopic, in which Benedict Cumberbatch portrays the eccentric mathematician who breaks the unbreakable WWII German code with unerring virtuosity. The completeness of Cumberbatch's performance makes it one of the year's best
fresh	It's a lovely year end present. Near perfect, and damn entertaining with moments of thrills, triumph, and sadness...
fresh	Cumberbatch's Aspergian odd man out is this film's greatest asset. Knightley is delightful.
fresh	Many actors are too cowardly, or too egotistical, to play an unsympathetic character. So Cumberbatch's performance deserves more consideration than many of his peers'.
fresh	As uncomplicatedly likeable and effortlessly rootable as its main character and star, The Imitation Game ultimately wins at any easy game, when it could have risked - and revealed - so much more.
fresh	With the book by Hodges and now this film by Tyldum, hopefully Alan Turing will receive the recognition he was so wrongly denied.
fresh	You wouldn't think a movie about an English mathematical genius could be so absolutely riveting, but that is the subject matter of "The Imitation Game", a sure bet for a Best Picture nomination.
fresh	When I first saw the film several months ago, I proclaimed it to be the best picture of 2014. Having just re-watched it after seeing the rest of the contenders, I stand by my assessment. (Full Content Review - Sex, Profanity, etc. - also available)
fresh	n the end, The Imitation Game ably details a little-known corner of the WWII story, one that has incredible relevance today.
fresh	The Imitation Game is simple, but it is also cogent in making the case for its subject's place in history...
fresh	You can't help but walk out feeling as though you've just seen one of the more important stories about one of the more important people - gay or straight - of our time.
fresh	There's a film to be made about how government secrecy came spiraling out from Bletchley to conquer the future in which we now live, but "The Imitation Game" would rather give you a very good night at the movies.
fresh	A handsome and stirring film of Second World War ingenuity that also succeeds as cracking good entertainment.
fresh	Imitation Game is partly a tragedy, partly a history lesson, but largely a dramatic plea not just to embrace those who think differently, but actually appreciate them.
fresh	There is nothing unique about the film itself - except for the mesmerizing performance by Benedict Cumberbatch in the lead role.
fresh	This watchable biopic focuses on the Enigma project, mining drama from the gravity of the Nazi threat and laughs from the egghead hero's arch egotism and social ineptitude.
fresh	"The Imitation Game" leaves Turing's essential mysteries intact, but they will nonetheless find even the most public contours his story ripe with drama, excitement and deeply affecting resonance.
fresh	The actors save the day.
fresh	"The Imitation Game" translates Turing and his team's achievement for a lay audience, while dramatizing the personal, scientific and bureaucratic obstacles they faced.
fresh	Cumberbatch nails it. If only the film did, too.
fresh	Like the recent The Theory of Everything, The Imitation Game does a better job with the historical bullet points than with the interior lives of its characters.
fresh	A well-written historical drama that also feels fiercely contemporary.
fresh	The Imitation Game is a great biopic. The trouble is, biopics just ain't that great.
fresh	Graced by an alternately unflappable and perturbed performance by Benedict Cumberbatch. The script sparks and flares with passages of clever British speech of lovely theatrical obviousness.
fresh	A lively, exciting beat-the-clock thriller. Frequently sharp and witty.
fresh	The Imitation Game may not be the big screen biography Turing deserves, but if this is the one that introduces his work to wider audiences, we'll take it.
fresh	Strong performances buoy teen-friendly historical drama.
fresh	The Imitation Game is a fantastic piece of historical theater that never fully embraces its cinematic identity.
fresh	While Cumberbatch will get all the accolades, his character's younger self is inhabited by actor Alex Lawther, whose performance matches and complements the lead marvelously.
rotten	If you are interested, even slightly, in what distinguished Alan Turing, this is not the film for you. It has about as much to do with his contributions to automation as does a Judd Apatow movie.
fresh	A powerful, complex drama and a long-overdue tribute to a true hero and visionary.
rotten	The movie has a tiresome sense of old-fashioned propriety. Not only can you catch the whiff of mothballs, you can also smell the ersatz good taste.
fresh	Cumberbatch deserved a stronger movie, but at least Tyldum had the good sense to let him loose. Few actors can portray intelligence in a way that honors the audience's own.
fresh	There's truth to it. Turing's story is indeed hard to imagine. Thanks to Cumberbatch's committed performance, a lot more people will know it.
fresh	Cumberbatch creates a memorable character who is at once fascinating and off-putting.
fresh	Benedict Cumberbatch is thrilling to watch; you sense the joy he must get out of his acting especially when in such a juicy role.
fresh	One of the year's finest films; I could happily watch 'The Imitation Game' again.
fresh	Cumberbatch has the ability to spin Turing's absence of tact into comedy and pathos.
fresh	Even when the conception of the movie begins to seem lifeless, Knightley bursts with a vitality that won't be contained. The same is true, to an even greater degree, of Cumberbatch.
fresh	An entertaining thriller, but a miscalculated biopic.
fresh	Benedict Cumberbatch is brilliant.
fresh	It's frustrating but the movie works thanks to Cumberbatch's excellent performance and the eternally powerful image of the tortured hero.
rotten	Hollywood biopics infantilizes its audiences. If someone's true story ended badly, it's a text epilogue that tells us what happened. When Hollywood does another biopic of Jesus's life they will leave out the crucifixion.
fresh	The story of Alan Turing, and his immeasurable contribution to modern society, is superbly adapted for the screen in The Imitation Game.
fresh	As middlebrow, medium-impact melodrama goes, you could do worse.
fresh	Too bad the film often seems more concerned about its own year-end legacy than its subject's.
fresh	"The Imitation Game" is a highly conventional movie about a profoundly unusual man. This is not entirely a bad thing.
fresh	Most likely, it was the intent of screenwriter Graham Moore to make a puzzle out a film about puzzle solving. That is not necessarily a bad thing, however, once the pieces fall into in place.
fresh	2014 may go down as the year the music kidnapped the movies.
fresh	Thoroughly entertaining, utterly conventional.
fresh	Beatifully capturing the era, the acting by Cumberbatch and Knightley is very good, but the well-directed story doesn't need the couple of trite plot devices that diminish the end product.
fresh	It's a marvelous story about science and humanity, plus a great performance by Benedict Cumberbatch, plus first-rate filmmaking and cinematography, minus a script that muddles its source material to the point of betraying it.
fresh	Good as he's been in the past ... the richness and complexity of Turing's character make this portrayal of an arrogant, difficult, sure-of-himself individual the role of Cumberbatch's career.
fresh	"As fine-tuned and moving a performance as Cumberbatch delivers - all the more impressive for being created from scratch, since no audio or video recordings of Turing exist - the film's Turing suffers an acute lack of an inner life."
fresh	With a constantly shifting chronology, the filmmakers find and link the key moments in the life of a brilliant, complicated, fascinating man.
fresh	Unlike self-consciously unconventional biopics, The Imitation Game melds fact and invention with lucidity and sweep.
fresh	The film is anchored by yet another hypnotically complex Cumberbatch performance. He's turning greatness into a habit.
fresh	The film's prime force is Cumberbatch, a great actor whose talent shines here on its highest beams. It's an explosive, emotionally complex performance.
rotten	It never quite brings everything together into a dramatic whole.
fresh	Based on the biography by Andrew Hodges, Imitation illuminates Turing's brilliance in an engrossing and moving film that features a standout, Oscar-worthy performance by Benedict Cumberbatch.
fresh	It's a sad and heartbreaking story that keeps you nailed to the screen for its entire 114-minute running time.
rotten	Turing is kept tweedy and neutered, as closeted in celluloid as he was in real life.
fresh	Prestige biopics don't get much better than "The Imitation Game." This is a special film.
rotten	'The Imitation Game' doesn't embarrass itself by trying to explain convoluted mathematical issues; there's nothing on the order of 'A Beautiful Mind''s forehead-slapping breakdown of game theory.
fresh	A riveting and emotional historical piece that bolsters one of the best performances of the year by Benedict Cumberbatch.
fresh	Cumberbatch is the one freaky touch in an otherwise conventional movie, but the conventions in this case work handsomely.
fresh	The Imitation Game is at its best when it focuses on the collision between cryptography and proto-programming. The film's efforts to function as a character study, on the other hand, are decidedly clumsy.
fresh	Shot with a sense of how to make the intellectual seem dynamic...fulfilling and compelling..Intelligence is rarely this exciting.
fresh	This true story is, in itself, so tragically fascinating and the performances so fine, you almost don't realize how safe this film actually is.
fresh	There's an algorithm for making an Oscar-ready prestige picture - and "The Imitation Game" follows it obsessively.
fresh	Handsomely made, respectably acted, and reveals an interesting and important piece of world history. In other words, it's a standard biopic.
fresh	[VIDEO ESSAY]...the success of "The Imitation Game" comes down to Benedict Cumberbatch's sensitive portrayal of a complex personality.
fresh	The Imitation Game is a rich production ... that amounts to an engaging, even mesmerizing rendering of one of history's most important events.
rotten	Turing will survive this film with his enigma intact, but the movie itself is the opposite of enigmatic, and Cumberbatch merits more.
fresh	A Beautiful Mind, this film thankfully isn't. Don't let anyone tell you otherwise.
fresh	It's rock solid, but Turing's admirers will say the scope of his achievements demanded a little more.
fresh	Cumberbatch is thrown into the middle of a thriller and given the leeway to show us how the brilliant and troubled Turing works. It's great watching him do just that.
rotten	Turing deserves better than to be presented as a nutty professor, a tweed-jacketed Rain Man, his own code so easily cracked that any old hack film-makers can have a go.
rotten	Besides being an offensive disservice to the sadly not singular tragedy of Alan Turing, how is The Imitation Game? Well, it has good performances.
fresh	A biopic that plays out like a cerebral thriller, this film traces the life of Alan Turing, the British maths genius who essentially invented the computer and won World War II before being driven to suicide by a cruel legal system.
fresh	It is a celebration of Turing's extraordinary achievements, a populist yarn that makes an admirably firm fist of establishing its spiky subject as a heroic outsider.
fresh	Engrossing, if emotionally evasive - featuring Benedict Cumberbatch's exceptional performance...
fresh	It's Turing himself, of course, who is the story's biggest enigma, and Cumberbatch's performance unlocks his secrets with spellbinding brilliance.
fresh	The Imitation Game does justice to a great British hero and a story of incredible triumph against impossible odds.
fresh	Intriguing character study and exciting war drama rolled into one
fresh	The film-makers have set out to tell us a yarn and they have succeeded admirably. Celebrate a film that will enhance rainy bank-holiday weekends for decades to come.
fresh	Simplified and conventionalised though it may be, this has to be accounted the most compelling dramatisation of Turing's story yet.
fresh	Fascinating and thrilling, The Imitation Game keeps you gripped by always offering a reminder of what's at stake, as well as exploring the mind of a brilliant but unfairly treated war hero who should never be forgotten.
fresh	Nothing can soften the tragedy that characterised Turing's later years, but this remains a testament to a singular, brilliant man and his extraordinary achievements.
fresh	No guns-blazing thriller, this is an old-fashioned code-cracking drama.
rotten	Such an astonishing, crucial life as Turing's deserves a more courageous, inventive film. Not this opportunistic, King's Speech -like Oscar grab.
fresh	A great performance by Benedict Cumberbatch and an illuminating portrait of the large role secrets can play in our lives.
rotten	It's a fascinating story, as well as one of those stories that needs to be told, over and over if necessary, but I just wish it had been told here with a little more guts and flair.
fresh	Amounts to less than it should but still worth a jaunt.
fresh	Despite its flaws, The Imitation Game watchably recreates one of Britain's finest hours, and one of its most shameful.
fresh	Morten Tyldum ties it all together with such steadfast dedication to fine-ness that makes it very difficult to be cross with his film.
fresh	A marvelous combination of thrilling intellectual adventure and sensitive portrait of a man ahead of his time both personally and professionally.
fresh	It's not a bad film, but it's certainly a timid one ...
fresh	A superb thriller and a worthy biopic of a real hero.
fresh	A finely etched character study, with Cumberbatch on towering form. Set coordinates for the Oscars.
fresh	Norwegian director Morten Tyldum's solid English-language debut has been packaged as a tony period drama with an ardent straight-gay non-romance and a polemical edge.
fresh	Do I think The Imitation Game is among the year's best films? Absolutely not, but that should not be held against the film that is, warts and all, an intelligent and mostly entertaining historical drama.
rotten	Given the liberties the film takes, it's surprising that it refuses to penetrate Alan Turing's carnality and allow Benedict Cumberbatch to truly wrestle with the torment of the man's sexuality.
fresh	Turing is a tougher role to play than it might once have been, but Cumberbatch burrows beneath the surface to reveal someone with machine-like logic locked in a soulful struggle against an inhuman society.
fresh	With a large dose of Sherlock and a sprinkling of The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time, Benedict Cumberbatch is just brilliant in the role of Alan Turing.
fresh	To feel gripped, on edge and moved in such a short period of time is of real commendation to Tyldum, who takes his audience through the motions in this unforgettable piece.
rotten	While the ingredients are there for this game to be a memorable one, I'm afraid this latest film about Turing fails its own test, feeling robotic and wooden.
fresh	This is a very clandestine way to make a liberal message movie, but it works. You could almost say that it serves up Oscar bait in code.
fresh	Benedict Cumberbatch is odds-on to be nominated for an Oscar (at the very least) for his brilliant turn as Alan Turing.
fresh	Morten Tydlum's The Imitation Game is a first-rate biopic, a thrilling espionage game that's beautifully crafted and acted.
fresh	Cumberbatch bristles with brilliance in this handsome biopics the British do so well about the fascinating, tragic story of mathematician Alan Turing.
fresh	The Imitation Game is a surprisingly brainy war picture about some of the more unexpected heroes behind the scenes.
fresh	Streamlines a fascinating true story into functional prestige filmmaking, but it's still plenty engaging, thanks largely to its lead.
fresh	Morten Tyldum's espionage thriller about Alan Turing is purely sensational with a performance for the ages by Benedict Cumberbatch. One of the year's very best.
fresh	thoroughly engrossing
fresh	Utterly absorbing true-life spy thriller. Cumberbatch is wonderful.
fresh	The Imitation Game makes a compelling case for futzing with the details of a biopic in order to get a more engaging message across.
fresh	The Imitation Game isn't exactly scintillating, but its slow-burn suspense is plenty pleasurable.
rotten	The Imitation Game is a film about a human calculator which feels... a little too calculated.
fresh	The intrigue and intensity of the war and espionage plot are compelling, but Cumberbatch captivates as Turing.
fresh	Headhunters director Morten Tyldum and Benedict Cumberbatch, at the top of his game, forge the definitive account of Turing's life.
rotten	It's too formulaic, too efficient at simply whisking you through and making sure you've clocked the diversity message.: without square pegs - like those played by Cumberbatch and Knightley - the world would be by far the poorer.
rotten	The Imitation Game puts Alan Turing's life on a conveyer belt. So we understand him less as a human. Other than his connection to his machine.
fresh	Cumberbatch does a wonderful job bringing this characterization to life and it's often his performance that overcomes some of the film's melodramatic tendencies.
fresh	Hidden codes, secret meanings and mixed messages pulse through the reliable, old-fashioned, buzzing copper wires of this true-life British period drama.
fresh	Strong, stirring, triumphant and tragic, The Imitation Game may be about a man who changed the world, but it's also about the world that destroyed a man.
fresh	Crowd-pleasing and rousing, the movie's winning third final act will definitely render the picture as solid contender in awards season.
fresh	A glossy, conventionally entertaining account of Alan Turing's top-secret military work ... a rollicking wartime story first, an appreciation of Turing's life a distant second.
fresh	...something I'd want my preteen children to see before they get too much more sophisticated.
fresh	Engrossing, nicely textured and sadly tragic ...
fresh	The movie is undeniably strong in its sense of a bright light burned out too soon, and the often undignified fate of those who dare to chafe at society's established norms.
fresh	As these pieces fall into place, Turing becomes ever more sympathetic while still feeling beyond anyone's ability to help or even understand.
rotten	An animated film should entertain kids, while at the same time, appeal to adults. Frequently, adults are left out of the equation. And, sometimes the action is so frenetic, that only anklebiters get anything out of it. Such is the case with POM.
fresh	Stamped out by the Hollywood animation cookie cutter, the film will no doubt please kids but, one dares suggest, adults might find the film's non-stop movement and noise somewhat tiring this time around.
fresh	Penguins of Madagascar is so verbally dexterous - and the animation by contrast little more than bright and familiar - that this could well be an adult spoof hiding out in a flick supposedly made for primary school students.
fresh	Very young children will find it hard to resist if they haven't seen too much of the Penguins posse until now.
fresh	The jokes are never-ending and multilayered, calculated so that adults do not get bored -- which is important, because they buy the tickets. It's all bolted together with precision and good humour, although not much whimsy.
rotten	Children will probably enjoy them and the animation is of a high standard. More wit and less frenetic action might have given the film more appeal to parents.
fresh	Continues the Madagascar franchise trend of being pleasantly average.
rotten	Kids are easier to please and will probably lap it up. That said, it lacks many of the endearing characters that have made this franchise so likable.
rotten	The target demographic seems to be children with short-attention spans, those who will be thrilled with the plentiful action sequences and slapstick animal antics, intended to mask a script that emphasizes low-brow mayhem over narrative coherence.
fresh	The locations - including Fort Knox, Venice and Shanghai - evoke James Bond movies, while the byplay between the Penguins and The North Wind calls to mind a host of action-movie conventions.
fresh	In Eric Darnell and Simon J. Smith's Penguins of Madagascar, irreverence is something of an understatement.
fresh	Not that much artistry, not that memorable, and no one will confuse them with the best of Pixar or even Disney. But they're just fine.
fresh	Penguins play charades, dress in lederhosen, dance Irish style & wear mermaid suits in this fast moving, high energy, witty & inventive 3d animation in themes that reinforce the importance of family
fresh	This team is a well-oiled machine, operating like an elite band of intrepid super-spies, a tiny, tuxedoed combination of James Bond, Ethan Hunt and Indiana Jones - but funnier.
rotten	Will probably divert kids with ease, given its manic exertion and pace...[but] we find out the hard way that these waddlers are better in small doses.
rotten	The four penguins come waddling at you furiously in this spin-off from the popular "Madagascar" franchise.
fresh	The gag rate really is something to behold, ensuring this has more in common with old Looney Tunes cartoons or the screwball sensibility of Tina Fey's sitcom 30 Rock than its Pixar-chasing forebears.
rotten	Barely bothering to make sense, this is fast and furious but also flightless.
fresh	Like Benedict Cumberbatch's unique pronunciation of the word "penguin", the result remains oddly entertaining.
fresh	The animation is good enough but never remarkable. The story is satisfactory, if short on imagination. But the jokes are magnificent throughout.
fresh	Entertaining Madagascar spin-off mixes peril and humor.
fresh	Gloriously bonkers. Like, Looney Tunes levels of cartoon madness. You will laugh your homo sapien head off.
fresh	Penguins of Madagascar is an unexpected pleasure, a 3D kids' animated feature that combines a wildly inventive visual style with enough in-jokes and self-reflexive references to keep film- loving adults happy, too.
fresh	An amusing voice cameo from Werner Herzog sets the comedy bar high, but although the high-energy hi-jinks thrill the younger members of the audience, there is less to engage their accompanying adults.
fresh	These flightless, feathered funsters may be flipper-flapping above their own weight and shooting fish in a barrel, but if you laugh - and you will laugh - it's mission accomplished.
fresh	There are enough mirthful moments - many splendidly surreal - to make this a trip worth taking.
fresh	It was only a matter of time before the little fellahs got their own movie...and the good news is that it doesn't disappoint.
fresh	At last: they're upgraded to the starring roles they deserved all along.
fresh	The beginning of Penguins of Madagascar is so funny it makes you almost weep.
fresh	The silliest spin-off this side of Elektra, and lots of fun with it.
rotten	As memorable as the 5384th Cheese Dibble you ate.
fresh	This is not high art, but it is highly entertaining.
fresh	Penguins of Madagascar is a great film for the kiddies and a pain-free ninety-minutes for their parents.
fresh	Subtle, yet silly, with enough frivolity to amuse its intended small-fry audience...
fresh	Penguins of Madagascar passes the time pleasantly without expanding the franchise's universe in a particularly imaginative or challenging way.
fresh	Frantic and silly.
rotten	Penguins Of Madagascar itself seems like a plot to train kids to like the blockbusters of tomorrow, priming them through sensory overload.
fresh	Parents might find their patience wearing thin towards the end but smaller kids should gobble it down. It hits them with such a barrage of slapstick and madcap action they'll never notice they're being told the same joke over and over again.
fresh	Restoring some old-fashioned silliness into animated filmmaking, Penguins is a frequently hilarious and exciting effort that hands these tiny action heroes a big screen adventure worthy of their wonderful idiosyncrasy.
rotten	Following the absurd humour and Red Bull energy of series peak Europe's Most Wanted, Penguins Of Madagascar is just a deflated return to the franchise's blah beginnings.
fresh	"Penguins of Madagascar" is hugely entertaining for kids, and adults should be mildly amused. However, I'm not convinced that paying extra for the 3-D version is necessary.
fresh	Forget the boring other Madagascar movies with the lion and his friends. This one is hilarious. And it's a blast in ordinary two-dimensions or in glorious 3D.
fresh	These penguins really are cute, the animation is consistently appealing, and the movie is obviously bound for megamoolah at the box office.
fresh	Thanksgiving is a time for family and for shirking work, and out of respect for both traditions-and in recognition that I am surely not in the movie's demographic sweet spot-I'm handing the heavy lifting over to my kids, Tom (11) and Alexandra (9).
fresh	Its stars didn't need their own movie, but there's enough kid-friendly wit and non-stop humor to justify Penguins of Madagascar's existence.
fresh	The Penguins of Madagascar doesn't have the high points of other animated films, they can't match it in one specific area: Sheer, chaotic comedy craziness right out of the classic old-school whack-with-a-frying-pan animation playbook.
rotten	The frenzied plotting is the equivalent of a sugar rush that wears off quickly.
fresh	"Penguins of Madagascar" is a passible, inoffensive addition to DreamWorks Animation's canon, even if there's a faint whiff of a North Wind spin-off sullying the contained story.
fresh	Directors Eric Darnell and Simon J. Smith keep up a headlong pace -- if one joke or sight gag misfires, there'll be another one soon.
fresh	Leaving the cute to the bigger kids on the block, with this movie, Dreamworks is opting for pure crazy. And sure enough, the strategy, this time anyway, has paid off in the most unnatural dividend imaginable: darned if these penguins don't fly.
fresh	Penguins of Madagascar will make you weep with its short attention span pacing, but you'll be laughing too much to care.
rotten	Penguins of Madagascar aims primarily for the kiddies, racing from one frenetic action sequence to another like some haywire Walter Lantz cartoon.
fresh	Penguins of Madagascar is an injection of sugar direct to the pineal gland and woe betide any parent who tries to get their children to take a nap after seeing it.
fresh	In pacing and attitude, Penguins of Madagascar is about as far away from Frozen as possible, even though they have tundra conditions in common. Call them polar opposites, a terrible pun and precisely the sort of humor employed here.
fresh	You have to respect a kids' cartoon that kicks off with a Werner Herzog joke - even one so willfully, wondrously stupid and lighthearted as Penguins of Madagascar.
fresh	The result is a supremely silly, energetically entertaining enterprise from start to finish.
fresh	Even if the humor is a little too smart and a tad too vulgar for the G-rated crowd, Penguins should still be a safe option for the whole family.
fresh	The pacing is so zany, the jokes are so rapid-fire and the sight gags are so inspired that it's impossible not to get caught up in the infectious energy of it all.
fresh	If, as they say in the theater, dying is easy but comedy is hard, silly comedy may be the hardest of all, but here it is done to perfection.
fresh	It's certainly entertaining and engaging enough to earn a recommendation. (Full Content Review -- Sex, Profanity, etc. -- for Parents also available)
rotten	Since the penguins never had to carry a Madagascar movie, it was easier for them to steal one. Now they have their own movie, and who steals it? No one, as it turns out.
fresh	The film moves so fast, failed jokes are forgotten easily, and its commitment to daffiness strikes the right chord. And, oh yes: Even computer-generated penguins really are just the cutest.
rotten	While "Madagascar"'s young faithful will likely get the most out of this flick, even they are likely to find they prefer these penguins in smaller doses.
fresh	May the sequels commence.
rotten	It may be a case of damning with faint praise to say that Penguins of Madagascar never really gets a chance to bore, since it never slows down.
fresh	If Penn-wings of Madagascar has a certain machine-made feel about it (and it does), that doesn't mean attention hasn't been paid to the animation.
fresh	This is sheer, unadulterated fun. You don't need to be a kid to enjoy Penguins of Madagascar.
fresh	As if the great animation and first-rate writing weren't enough, the film offers a sweet lesson about how everyone has a purpose, no matter how small.
rotten	Plays like a sampler of Dreamworks Animation's worst creative impulses: sugar-rush pacing, pandering meta-gags, and a slick, flavorless animation style.
fresh	Penguin power! Submit to it. Resistance is futile.
rotten	Passable entertainment if you're 7. Otherwise, frenzied and aimless.
rotten	wears its focus grouped garishness like a point of pride
fresh	However, even with all of well-intentioned references and good humor, Penguins doesn't break new ground. The film is fun, light-hearted fare that could be watched in the comfort of a long car ride to Grandma's house.
rotten	The story, like everything else, tries to do too much. It's an origins story, a mission impossible, a coming-of-age saga, a revenge story.
rotten	Beyond some imagery, we don't get much that's bigger or better than on TV. Nothing narratively richer, certainly.
fresh	This isn't phenomenal, transcendent animated cinema, but it's also pretty fun if you're just looking for surface-level silliness with a handful of clever gags and a lot of word play.
rotten	All the glossy, kinetic animation and inventive action sequences get lost in the gag machine. The film throws jokes out like a tennis-ball machine on the fritz: gross humor, slapstick pratfalls, bizarre non sequiturs.
fresh	A delightfully silly star turn for this quartet of absurd little birds, who operate as a team of commandos.
fresh	Overall, "Penguins of Madagascar" is quick, silly, and enjoyable, which is about all you could ask for.
rotten	A relentless procession of animated mayhem that has little to do with classical storytelling, and everything to do with the imperative of cynically pandering to short attention spans.
rotten	A lazy, noisy ADHD-addled collection of animated cliches guaranteed to give anyone older than 5 a headache, even if you don't see it in optional 3-D.
fresh	Once again the Madagascar team have come up with a winner -- a nice way to kick off the Thanksgiving and holiday filmgoing experience for the whole family.
fresh	I'm cynical enough to believe there's a cuteness-to-pop-culture-reference algorithm at play - but it doesn't matter, as long as we're laughing.
rotten	The unfunny, unmoving, and uninspired Penguins never persuades us of its need to exist.
fresh	The lack of originality is offset by sheer silliness, including Classified and Skipper's Abbott and Costello-style argument over whether there's a long I in "diversion." The word fits the movie.
fresh	If you are up for laughs and a bunch of silliness, you may well enjoy the good times these PENGUINS have to offer.
fresh	Hell, it starts with a Werner Herzog joke. You know, for the kids.
rotten	This is a joyless, frenetic film that is very rarely funny.
fresh	Penguins of Madagascar moves at full throttle, a pace kids will love but which may become exhausting for their adult companions.
fresh	Frenetic and frequently funny, Penguins Of Madagascar represents the DreamWorks Animation franchise style -- which boils down to self-aware, but naive, talking animals who learn kid-friendly life lessons -- at its most palatable.
fresh	Overexposed? Overly cute? And cuddly? Sure. Bottom line? Funny is funny, and these guys are hilarious.
fresh	It could be a solid favorite. For viewers under 12, that is.
fresh	Granted, it's no classic, but a sassy script and good-natured voice work from Benedict Cumberbatch and John Malkovich should keep kids and grownups entertained over the holidays.
fresh	It does well to put more focus on delivering a plethora of jokes, imitations, zippy repartee, and sight gags than its plot's familiar machinations.
rotten	It is not so much "bad" as it is stunningly indifferent to providing anything beyond occasional surface-level entertainment value.
rotten	While there are plenty of madcap antics to fill a feature, all that manic energy ultimately proves to be more exhausting than exhilarating.
rotten	A limp attempt at cute and cuddly international intrigue.
fresh	A lightweight 3D animated comedy-adventure that barely takes a breath during its ninety minutes of silly fun.
rotten	"Taken 3&#8243; is easily the weakest of the three films. Oh, sure, Neeson kicks some backside. But, this time the plotting is feeble and the action scenes are just barely acceptable.
rotten	Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, shame on me. Fool me thrice, and now you're just sequel-baiting.
rotten	He never discovers the real killers are returning director Olivier Megaton and producer-auteur Luc Besson, who callously dispose of the sympathetic Lenore to create new motivation for their hero's lethal kinesthesia and for their own chaotic set pieces.
rotten	So blatantly lazy and outrageously stupid it somehow makes me like the first Taken a little bit less. End this merciless tedium.
rotten	It is time for Mills to finally settle into a quiet retirement while Neeson moves on to better, heretofore untaken (in every sense) action showcases.
rotten	If, in the first 20 minutes of this dreck, you can't spot at least three plot holes big enough to drive a monster truck through, then you're probably on the phone.
rotten	Forest Whitaker turns in one of his sleepiest performances; no one else seems to be trying very hard either, yet director Olivier Megaton delivers some good chases, fist fights, and shots of Neeson looking glum.
rotten	Taken 3 isn't a good movie. Against all logic, it isn't a bad movie, either. Instead, it's so casual and indifferent to itself it lapses into something altogether appalling.
rotten	A movie that thinks the way to earn our knuckle-biting is to be as dull as hell for 35 minutes, then send a giant shipping container hurtling along the interstate. But you yawn through that, too.
rotten	Taken 3 takes the franchise past the point of absurdity - purely for the sake of selling a third series installment.
rotten	There's something sluggishly formulaic about the rollout of smackdowns, chase scenes and general mayhem involving wrecked cars. And a plot point involving warm bagels is downright ludicrous.
rotten	With a damp squib of a sequel under its belt, the 'Taken' franchise grinds to an utterly underwhelming finale.
rotten	Noisy, indecipherable nonsense and floppy, dismally uninteresting character drama.
rotten	The utterly asinine, cliche-ridden, and aimless Taken 3 is so inept on every level...
rotten	...wheezes by with an inescapable sense of fatigue.
rotten	A poor man's Fugitive, cut with generic action beats, washing powder, sugar, and other stuff designed to kill the buzz.
rotten	The movie stinks. It doesn't stink in a clever or interesting way. It's not even so bad that it's funny.
rotten	As with the first two films in this dumb but bombastically watchable franchise, writers Luc Besson and Robert Mark Kamen seemingly put no effort into writing a script that can even remotely hold water.
rotten	Producer Luc Besson and director Olivier Megaton appear to have forgotten what made the earlier Taken movies such guilty-pleasure hits.
rotten	"Taken 2" refashioned Bryan Mills in the image of Brosnan instead of Bronson. "Taken 3" works in a similarly bland, proficient groove. "It ends here," says the poster. Let's hope so. We, and Neeson, have better things to do.
rotten	The tagline promises "It ends here" but the denouement keeps the door open for more. What next? Taken 4: Taken the Piss?
rotten	Olivier Megaton (Taken 2) directs again, and from the movie's flagging energy level, it appears as if he, too, is ready to retire this series.
fresh	Not as much fun as it should have been, but still enjoyable in its own cheesy way.
rotten	This intentionally superficial character and premise have been stretched out much further than they were ever meant to be stretched.
rotten	The character of Bryan Mills is neutered into a generic action hero that barely has the depth to be believable in a 90s-era made-for-Showtime movie.
rotten	Nothing gets taken here except your ticket money.
fresh	...a sequel that's right in line with its immediate predecessor...
fresh	All you need to know about Taken 3 is that Liam Neeson survives an explosive car crash - twice.
rotten	The logy screenplay, by Luc Besson and Robert Mark Kamen, sags under head-clutchingly banal dramatic scenes. Only Mr. Neeson's appeal somehow survives unscathed, perhaps the most impressive stunt of all.
rotten	Here it's the audience that gets taken.
rotten	Neeson's late-life rebirth as an action star may be drawing to a close with this limping, wheezing entry in the "Taken" franchise.
rotten	Empowerment porn for those who long for the Cold War's clarity of purpose and American dominance in this murky age of terror.
rotten	Has the same nauseatingly bad script, predictably tedious plot, offensively cliched characterization and lifeless action that has populated hundreds of lame action films before it.
rotten	Taken 3 is such a blatant paycheque gig for Liam Neeson, you almost expect him to stop midmovie to deposit his loot into an ATM.
rotten	...formulaic, often preposterous...Director Luc Besson has clearly lost his way in this film. Oh, well, all good things must come to an end, and that's what's happened to this franchise. Too bad. With new blood it could continue for a long time.
rotten	Neither 3xcr3able nor 3citing, Tak3n is cold steakums for action fans that want fresh meat.
rotten	Be warned, sequel fanboys: This thing sucks! At 62, Neeson still has a glare that means badass. Nothing else makes a damn lick of sense. The only thing getting taken is the audience.
rotten	This is a movie as its own death wish. To call it cheap, lazy, and perfunctory grants it a dignity that implies there was another path it could have taken.
rotten	"Taken 3" is so unintentionally hilarious I couldn't help but wonder - do movie contracts carry a humiliation bonus clause these days?
rotten	Taken 3 makes Taken 2 look like Taken.
rotten	...it's the audience's time and money that gets snatched, and not even Bryan Mills, with all his special skills, can stop that from happening.
rotten	All kinds of problems are forgivable in a movie like this if the finished product is exciting. That doesn't happen here.
rotten	If you love the other "Taken" movies, you will like this. But if you're determined to love it, you'll have to talk yourself into it - and even then, it might not work.
fresh	It's the weakest of the trilogy, but Taken 3 kicks just hard enough to survive another day.
fresh	Neeson's charisma, Whitaker's gravitas, and a few smart action choices supplying action junkies with enough vitamins to live another day.
rotten	The premise is pretty much the same: Mess with Neeson's loved ones and you will die.
rotten	Because Mills' hyper-competence never seems exciting, it instead becomes giggle-inducing.
rotten	This time around, the only thing getting taken is your money.
rotten	Megaton brings a cheese-grater approach to the editing of the action scenes, flitting from one angle to the next with no apparent concern for the effectiveness of any of them.
rotten	Starting with the unimaginative (and, as it happens, incorrect) title, "Taken 3," directed by Oliver Megaton, is both lazy and tremendously overwrought.
rotten	If you've seen Taken or Taken 2, you've already been taken, and there's not much different here.
rotten	&#8203;I'll tell you what got "Taken." A hundred and twelve minutes of my life got "Taken."
rotten	This time, it's the audience that gets... TAKEN.
rotten	Taken with no one taken? That would be like The Exorcist with no exorcist. Cabin in the Woods with no cabin in the woods. Nightmare on Elm Street with no nightmares.
rotten	Taken 3 is exactly what one might anticipate from an unnecessary sequel in a mediocre franchise.
rotten	With his quirks and thoughtful manner, Whitaker seems to be in a different movie. Neeson knows better, just going through the motions and spouting the idiotic dialogue that Besson and Kamen cooked up in English and Russian.
rotten	The concept is lame, and the execution is lame, too. The more the film advances, the less we care about the plot - or anything that happens to anybody, really.
rotten	The original Taken was a much better movie than anyone thought it would be. Taken 3, on the other hand, is the movie everyone did think Taken was going to be.
rotten	Tediously trifling domestic melodrama, punctuated by a discordant series of screeching, seemingly endless car chases on the Southern California freeways.
rotten	Taken 3 makes Taken 2 look like Taken.
rotten	Taken 3 makes clear that the only place left for this franchise to be taken is out back, and put out of its misery.
rotten	So low-rent that it feels like everyone involved - from the writers to the director to the star - just decided to put as little effort into the follow-up as possible.
rotten	Liam Neeson doesn't have anything left to be taken.
rotten	The first Taken was a gem. Its second sequel is an insult.
rotten	Generic, in all the worst ways
rotten	The action sequences are not only visually confusing, but tension free.
rotten	Different enough to avoid becoming ridiculous, but not original enough to truly excite, Taken 3 may satisfy action fans but it's unlikely anybody will be begging for part four.
rotten	Taken 3 isn't just superficially lazy. That quality is the core of the movie's being.
rotten	[It] isn't so much out of gas as it is dragging itself away from the stalled car across the baking desert by its fingernails.
rotten	Megaton and editors Audrey Simonaud and Nicolas Trembasiewicz take every fist-fight, shoot-out and highway chase and shred them into milliseconds of mismatched visual information like something out of a latter-day Godard movie.
rotten	Listen to me very carefully: Your money is about to be taken.
rotten	Just another extended chase movie, one far longer--and sillier--than a Road Runner cartoon.
rotten	Mildly competent and mostly diverting, but the formula is getting stale, and it feels like everyone involved knows it. These characters deserve a break, and so does this increasingly preposterous, threadbare series.
rotten	Surely they had to know this wouldn't be a satisfying payoff.
rotten	The kind of thing you give to Gary Busey, not the Oscar-nominated star of 'The Grey' (a masterpiece).
rotten	What is laughable here is the extraordinarily clunky way in which the screenplay (co-written by the film's producer Luc Besson) combines family melodrama with random chases and fights.
rotten	With his third kidnapping caper, Taken 3, Liam Neeson takes self-parody to new lows and the result is hysterically, enjoyably bad.
rotten	It's how I'd imagine an over-caffeinated Tony Scott would shoot a Transformer-less Transformers film.
rotten	The tagline for Taken 3 is 'It Ends Here' and we must all pray that it does.
rotten	Liam Neeson cuts a rather sorry figure in what's less a final flourish for the series than a prolonged death rattle.
rotten	Megaton's choppy editing barely disguises his star's hatred of running, while a brutal 12A neutering lessens what limited fun remains in seeing Oskar Schindler creakily throw a Russian bad 'un into some supermarket shelves.
rotten	Undemanding, formulaic fare...
rotten	In this third installment, it's the audience that gets taken...for its time, money, and intelligence.
fresh	the charismatic presence of Liam Neeson and his impenetrable sense of decency carry the film way beyond its thrilling action sequences.
rotten	The Taken series is a right-wing male revenge fantasy and while we write these films off as silly and puerile they're influencing how Americans are seeing the world.
rotten	In the wake of Taken 2 and 3 we're completely sober to the fact that this veteran vengeance porn has become its own parody.
rotten	It's difficult to know what subtitle to give this. Taken 3: Not Again, or Taken 3: Seriously? or Taken 3: This Is Getting a Bit Much Frankly.
rotten	This is as hackneyed and unashamedly cynical as sequels get, a miserable blend of tin-eared soap opera and clunky action that feels infinitely longer than its 109 minutes.
rotten	Seven years on, and with three episodes of The Expendables leaving the geri-action flick well and truly spent, Taken 3 feels as dozy as a pensioner in the midday sun.
rotten	No obvious connection to Takens passim other than its focus on a middle-aged man who'll punch or shoot anyone with a Slavic accent.
rotten	Flailing handheld camerawork, frantic over-editing and claustrophobic close-ups make it basically impossible to distinguish Mills from his enemies, or to decipher the geography of a given scene.
fresh	'Taken 3' scores over its predecessor on almost every level: the stakes are higher, the LA locations are nicely photographed and, best of all, there's an actual plot, with twists and everything.
fresh	Being on the run from American cops instead of wonky-shooting Albanians might not seem like much of a change but it's just enough to make Bryan interesting again.
fresh	While this time round the violence is pretty mild (the series is chasing the younger action-crowd) and packed with rather familiar chase scenes there are still some action sequences that deliver ...
rotten	Besson's team has signed off the trilogy with a whimper rather than the kind of unfettered bang delivered by the first two films.
rotten	The third and presumably final installment of the Liam Neeson action franchise is a mind-numbing, crash-bang misfire.
rotten	It is devoid of any sort of compelling emotional background or natural storytelling acumen. This last detail is especially damning, as this is one of the best-known tales in the Western World.
rotten	The movie wastes its fine actors and, more importantly, its rich subject matter.
fresh	Go for the special effects, and you may feel blessed. Go for the Bible story, and you may be disappointed.
rotten	Has the scale and spectacle to effectively present the idea of the migration of a 400 thousand-strong nation, but not the spiritual conviction to explain why.
rotten	As dead as the Dead Sea Scrolls.
rotten	Lacking the faith in God and Hollywood kitsch that motivated Cecil B. DeMille, Ridley Scott's modern-day Bible epic is much less gripping than any movie with plagues of frogs and boils ought to be.
rotten	Simultaneously the dullest and the most insulting version of itself it could possibly be. If only it had managed to be campy, that'd be something...
rotten	There's no arguing the immensity of it or the beauty of its visual images. But what's around the many show-stopping moments is too generic to send us out of the theater properly awestruck, reverent and wowed.
rotten	Exodus: Gods and Kings is a flat, uninspired telling of a story that has been told enough times that we deserve something better than this.
rotten	As a whole, Scott's version of this ancient tale feels oddly toothless -- neither religious or secular viewers will find much substance beyond the basics of the spectacle in play.
fresh	I found myself longing for the clarity of Darren Aronofsky's recent Noah, which acknowledged the insane implications of its story by putting rock monsters (fallen angels!) on the screen.
fresh	Exodus: Gods and Kings is by no means a perfect film. But it's a very good film with exceptional devotion to craft, which is more than can be said for many other Bible-themed movies, which often favor accuracy over artistry.
rotten	It's a story that has been told and retold for thousands of years, but this po-faced, dutifully spectacular retelling barely lingers in the memory beyond the end credits.
rotten	Exodus: Gods and Kings is exactly the sort of film Hollywood doesn't need anymore: a gluttonous epic that fails to evoke or teach or entertain.
rotten	Walk on the bland side in a comic book of biblical proportions.
rotten	Ridley Scott and his quartet of screenwriters hint at a handful of ideas deserving of exploration, but none of them survive the frogs, locusts, crocodiles and other plagues - the most devastating of which is excessive and unimpressive CGI.
rotten	This sour Moses - whose visions come after a biff on the head - emerges as a certifiable lunatic who gets lucky with a few meteorological, geographical and zoological anomalies.
rotten	Scott has turned wonders into Wonder Bread.
rotten	It never quite reaches its promised land.
fresh	Despite the always-commanding Bale as Moses, the emotional side of this story is lacking.
rotten	Ridley Scott's biblical epic "Exodus: Gods and Kings" is by turns fascinating and infuriating, exciting and tedious, head-scratching and inspiring.
rotten	Yes, there is spectacle, although the initially promising parting of the Red Sea is almost drowned by waves of climactic silliness.
rotten	Scott's film can't quite decide whether it's fully behind the Almighty's righteous ire or not.
fresh	The excitement is dampened by a draggy middle where Moses gets married and a tedious epilogue, but Scott's keen ability to explain scripture miracles in credible terms is this biblical blockbuster's major asset.
fresh	Ultimately, it's a determinedly un-ironic biblical epic which may have no time for laughs but shows a keen capacity to tell a decent story well.
rotten	The assortment of four credited writers charged with getting Exodus whipped into shape did an alarmingly terrible job of it.
rotten	It's sad to say that the most interesting aspects of this film don't actually occur on the screen.
fresh	From a visual perspective, Scott has created a picture that, at times, can take your breath away, but he loses sight of the more intimate, idiosyncratic elements that should elevate and humanise this narrative.
fresh	In a world still being torn apart by religious conflict, the film does have a resonance beyond the grand visual sweep that Scott can always be relied upon to deliver.
rotten	Just another disappointingly so-so Scott production - more Kingdom of Heaven than Gladiator.
rotten	Exodus feels like a missed opportunity.
fresh	Trust Ridley Scott to give us a bold, revisionist take on the foundation story of three major world religions.
fresh	Whether it's Ramses losing half his army in a horrific landslide or vast, sweeping panoramas of the Pharaoh's Egypt in all its blood-built glory, Exodus is an entertainment of the first order.
rotten	the film's racial issues only make it seem that much leaden, unimaginative, and old-fashioned
rotten	Scott once seemed divine. Look on [Exodus], ye mighty, and despair.
fresh	Aside from impressive 21st century digital effects, this new take on the Moses story pales in comparison to Cecil B. DeMille's iconic 1956 version, The Ten Commandments, which is far more resonant and intensely dramatic.
rotten	... Whether the fault of editing choices or simply lacking in a screenplay credited to four writers, there isn't enough connective tissue to hold it all together.
rotten	Visually sumptuous but otherwise hollow, Ridley Scott's take on the Biblical tale of Moses could use a little more wrath of God to perk it up a bit.
rotten	As with most epics, there are a lot of speeches and dead horses -- all in needless 3D -- but not enough genuine emotion to actually make any of it feel, well, epic.
fresh	It's in the spectacle elements that Scott's film thrives, and of his recent big-budget mediocrities, Exodus is probably the best.
rotten	How do you screw up the parting of the Red Sea? How does Ridley Scott?
rotten	Production Stands Tall, Story Washed Out
rotten	Exodus frequently feels like it is running down a checklist of scenes and events rather than telling a natural story.
rotten	The film's emotional component hinges on Moses leaving his wife and young son for a long and dangerous journey. But what you'll remember best is all the smiting.
rotten	His direction snaps to life in the big moments, which have an energy and drive missing from the rest of the movie.
rotten	Even Christian Bale's noteworthy performance can't save the fact that Exodus: Gods and Kings never finds a proper pace thanks to its offbeat storytelling.
fresh	'Exodus: Gods and Kings' is spectacular.
fresh	Ridley Scott only barely manages to pull this off by playing the spectacle card with 'Exodus: Gods and Kings.'
rotten	This is the first portrayal of God I've ever encountered who looked like he could use a good spanking.
rotten	This big dud isn't blasphemous enough to be outrageous, emotional enough to be inspiring, or interesting enough to be good.
rotten	Worst movie of the year. Six writers. Only four get credit. Moses and God aren't listed. But this is so bad it probably doesn't bother Moses and God anyway.
rotten	Much of the film takes place in Memphis, Egypt, and given the ineptitude on display in other facets of the production, I half-expected a scene in which Moses parted the gates of Graceland.
rotten	"Exodus: Gods and Kings" is heavily laden with CGI special effects that, like the rest of the film, feels manufactured, not created with an artistic eye.
fresh	"Exodus" may not be the best thing in theatres, but it's decent enough to make it worth your time. It's less dreary and pointless than "Prometheus," for one, and showcases...some of the fun and splendour that Scott has occasionally shown
fresh	Spectacle and Redemption Propel "Exodus."
fresh	Exodus: Gods and Kings is not an offensive Hollywood cash-grab, nor is it a particularly inventive revision of the Exodus story.
fresh	For as many awesome scenes like what we saw in Gladiator, we get just as many scenes featuring Scott's Robin Hood dull style of characterization.
rotten	Underwhelming - with little or no emotional resonance. Moses doesn't even say, "Let my people go..."
fresh	It bears little resemblance to the [source material]. But in its fictions, technical execution, and visual artistry, it has some admirable qualities.
fresh	An action-adventure that has more in common with Gladiator than The Ten Commandments.
rotten	An unholy mess. Where's your God, now, Moses?
rotten	Fails on many levels, but the main one is that it's a droning bore.
rotten	All in all, this film is a mixed bag. Spectacular visuals and stirring music on the one hand, lousy screenwriting and iffy performances on the other hand.
rotten	Crowd-wowing CGI spectacle and the inevitable if inconsequential 3-D effects make Exodus look like pure product, without any defining vision.
fresh	Exodus: Gods and Kings is as uneven as Ridley Scott's career; at times, it seems to be a journey through the director's greatest strengths and weaknesses. The good news is that his strengths eventually win out ...
rotten	Maybe part of me likes the idea of Moses as 80s action hero (there's even a scene that's the Old Testament equivalent of Arnie suiting up in Commando).
rotten	It's true that some modern people still believe in the Old Testament God, but that doesn't mean it makes sense to have your Old Testament figures talk and think like modern people.
rotten	Exodus: Gods and Kings updates the story of Moses in every way except the one that would actually be gutsy: race.
rotten	The movie starts off strong thanks to its star's sheer charisma and our desire to see the parting of the Red Sea in digital high-def, but it can't keep our interest for the near-three-hour running time.
rotten	Exodus is a movie that desperately wants to be complex and nuanced, but is terrified by the possible consequences of being complex and nuanced.
rotten	Despite the best 3D I've seen, this is one of the silliest movies of all time. Forget history, it's not even faithful to The Bible.
rotten	The screenplay (credited to four screenwriters) is a mess, the pacing is uneven, the acting is inconsistent, and the experience as a whole is a letdown.
rotten	While the pale skin tones (bronzer is selectively applied) and haphazard mix of American and British accents is distracting, it barely scratches the surface of Exodus's ungainly artificiality.
rotten	Ridley cannot seem to deliver the goods, as he once did, but "Exodus: Gods and Kings" is less a triumph, and more of a waste of time.
rotten	Some movies should not be trifled with --- "The Ten Commandments" is one of them.
rotten	In this day and age we get big and brash every other week from our movies so you better have something else to back it up.
rotten	Intends to be a character study, a serious exploration of who this biblical icon might have been, but it also packs on the CGI-heavy combat and tired characterizations.
rotten	A well-meaning movie directed by one of the greatest filmmakers of all time who just can't get his finger on the pulse of this story.
rotten	As dull and inscrutable as a mass in Latin.
rotten	It's like an SNL parody of Exodus when Turturro and Weaver-two very talented actors who outside of this film always elevate the projects they're involved in-appear on screen.
fresh	There's nothing small about Scott's effort (including its mistakes), but if you bought a ticket searching for eye-popping Old Testament spectacle written on the largest piece of digital parchment, then Scott delivers you to your Promised Land.
rotten	Director Ridley Scott's take on Moses leading the chosen people out of Egypt is riddled with weird inaccuracies, a Pharaoh sporting an Australian accent and a running time that feels excessive while the story itself feels truncated.
rotten	Feels rushed yet overlong and oddly incomplete. (Full Content Review -- Sex, Profanity, etc. -- for Parents also available)
rotten	At this point in his career Scott has given in to the "more is better" way of filmmaking, and as such every one of his epics looks the same.
rotten	The story is so familiar that cynics might wonder why a pressing need was felt to retell it.
rotten	Moses is self-absorbed and arrogant, distant from the plagues, always busy trying to become Robin Hood (I'm not kidding) instead of peaceful messenger from God.
rotten	Has undeniable technical merits and two fine central turns from Bale and Edgerton, but how successful can a sprawling live-action spectacle really be when it makes one wish he or she was revisiting 1998's animated, "The Prince of Egypt," instead?
rotten	A mish-mash - part half-committed melodrama, part half-thought-out political provocation.
rotten	"Exodus" is an exercise in visual trickery that reaches for nothing beyond the obvious.
rotten	Computer-generated imaging has advanced spectacularly over the decades, but moviegoers, and gamers, have been there every step of the way. Miracles aren't as impressive as they used to be.
rotten	"Let my people" see a better movie.
rotten	An even better special effect would have been having a main cast that actually reflects the Mediterranean/North African desert environment...There are darker-skinned actors on the screen, though they just happen to be all slaves, servants and soldiers.
fresh	An all-star (but mostly non Middle-Eastern) cast and 3D technology really deliver on the special effects. Not so much on the morality or meaning of it.
rotten	"Exodus: Gods and Kings," despite its lofty ambitions and some enormous set pieces, is painfully melodramatic, featuring flimsy, contemporary dialogue and failing in its attempts to energize a tale as old as time.
rotten	An utterly clueless, relentlessly grim and rambling action epic guaranteed to displease devout Jews, Christians and Muslims alike, amuse atheists - and generally bore everyone.
rotten	Frankly, there isn't anything in Exodus we haven't seen before by DeMille and on a grander and more stirring scale.
rotten	As an action spectacular, "Exodus" is on par with Scott's other forays into ancient times, "Gladiator" and "Kingdom of Heaven." But as a believable human drama, much less a worthy exploration of Judaism's origins, it falls flat.
rotten	It's too middling; neither costume-campy and outrageous enough to count as a guilty pleasure, nor serious enough to demand any deep theological consideration.
rotten	[C]ommendably daring in its rational, distrusting slant on a biblical narrative, but there's no ignoring that something fundamental is lost in the movie's translation.
rotten	"Exodus: Gods and Kings" does a fair job of giving us what might be called The Second-Greatest Story Ever Told. What it never convinces us of is why.
rotten	"Exodus" is ludicrous only by accident, which isn't much fun and is the surest sign of what we might call a New Testament sensibility at work. But the movie isn't successfully serious, either.
rotten	Unfortunately, the only praying any viewer will be doing is for Exodus: Gods and Kings to end.
rotten	This is spectacular entertainment, practically a theme park ride, that could have used more spirituality and soul.
fresh	Just as Moses quarrels with his God, Ridley Scott seems to be in a movie-long battle with his own disbeliefs.
rotten	Director Ridley Scott ticks the visual "epic" box with Exodus: Gods and Kings, but leaves emotion in the dust by trading spectacle for a compelling story.
fresh	Admirably cogent, even colloquial, Exodus plows through its stages efficiently, methodically and without much Old Testament passion.
rotten	"Exodus" turns out to be part of a time-honored tradition: the old-fashioned, super-spectacular Hollywood bomb.
rotten	It's understandable that people were angry about the whitewashing of Egypt. But no aspiring actor of color should think of this as an opportunity missed so much as a bullet dodged.
rotten	Moses is imagined as if Scott met him on an awkward first date.
rotten	Scott is nothing if not a master orchestrator of chaos, and, both intentionally and otherwise, "Exodus: Gods and Kings" offers plenty of that.
rotten	Scott departs from Scripture enough to raise hackles. For example, this Moses sees God in the person of an insolent schoolboy (Isaac Andrews).
rotten	For all of the care and imagination that have been lavished on the production... the film's impact is best expressed by frequent aerial shots that are visually impressive and emotionally remote.
fresh	Momentous conversations periodically grind any retelling of the Moses story to a halt, but Scott keeps his head down, plows through and then gets out of the way while visual effects supervisor Peter Chiang and his slave army take it on home.
fresh	After a strong opening and a sagging middle, "Exodus: Gods and Kings" regains its stride and surpasses itself in the last third, when the God of Abraham unleashes a series of calamities on Egypt and the royal household.
rotten	Read the book instead.
rotten	We have no idea. What's the point of a Moses movie without a message from the mountaintop? Scott has broken the second commandment of a Bible movie: Have something to say and someone majestic to say it.
rotten	"Exodus: Gods and Kings" has drawn fire for casting White actors in the major roles, but don't get too bogged down in that. Really, that's hardly the only reason to not like it.
rotten	Bland, overly long and otherwise forgettable.
fresh	The movie works well as big-budget spectacle despite a ho-hum script.
rotten	Visually stunning, yet dramatically arid.
rotten	For an epic, there are, at best, only two clearly seen characters in Exodus.
rotten	I'm not sure who ever could have thought that Exodus: Gods and Kings was a good idea.
fresh	Mainstream viewers should lap up a movie that essentially replays Gladiator in ancient Egypt.
rotten	A numbing and soulless spectacle of 3-D, computer-generated imagery run amok, Ridley Scott's "Exodus: Gods and Kings" presents an enduring tale by pummeling us over the head with it.
rotten	In attempting to turn the story into another version of Gladiator he's only shown he has no real idea what the story is about or what point he's trying to make.
rotten	'I always hoped my experience could come to the big screen with 3-D CGI alligators with an Australian as Egyptian ruler Ramses, while I'm played by an English man named Christian.'
rotten	...both a drag and a hoot (and unfortunately more of the former than the latter).
rotten	Most deflating about Gods and Kings is how inert Scott allows his work to become, delivering a conventional television movie vibe when the production is spending a fortune on gigantic visual effects.
rotten	At least DeMille knew how to put on a show; the best this offers are a few bursts of Old Testament camp ...
fresh	What this 3-D extravaganza gets spectacularly right is in putting the epic back into the biblical epic.
rotten	Its grandiose set pieces feel empty and imitative (Scott pulled off this kind of thing much more successfully in "Gladiator"), and the whole picture feels glitzy and hollow at the core.
rotten	Ends up in a lifeless middle ground that does nothing to enhance the story it's trying to tell.
rotten	Ridley Scott can't decide if making rivers run with blood is heroic or horrific - you sense he'd rather make Gladiator II: Attack of the Frogs.
fresh	Before you're able to get too distracted by Exodus' flaws, Scott reaches back into his bag of pixie dust and whips up another grand illusion.
rotten	This eye-rollingly bad movie is silly, sluggish and miscast.
rotten	The ultimate takeaway is that if you can't finance a $140 million epic about ancient Egypt with racially appropriate actors, maybe you shouldn't make a $140 million epic about ancient Egypt.
rotten	Mountainside villages are illustrated as panoramas of Brueghelesque teem if not intricacy; twirls of animated birds are doodled across each blue or pallid sky like the signature of a Sunday painter... a succession of supple torpor.
rotten	A biblical epic in 2014 is a strange beast indeed, walking a fine line in the hopes of pleasing both the faithful...and those audiences more accustomed to secular myths.
fresh	Epic and action-packed, if not as moving or King-James-version poetic as its corny predecessor, "The Ten Commandments"
rotten	When two weeks later I have more vivid memories of  Horrible Bosses 2 than a mega-budget biblical epic based upon one of the most enduring stories of all time, something has gone horribly, horribly wrong.
fresh	Whether you are religious or not, you must admit, the epic scale of the biblical Exodus is a fantastic story.
rotten	When a swarm of super-crocs seize upon fishermen, turning the Nile into literal blood [...] perhaps you can briefly forgive Christian Bale's sketchily defined Moses.
fresh	As spectacular and surprising as you would expect from Scott. Its spiritual uncertainty - and lack of triumphalism - perhaps robs it of a truly satisfying, cathartic conclusion, but also makes for a truly modern, thoughtful biblical blockbuster.
fresh	Exodus: Gods and Kings - for all its pedigree and bravery - remains firmly in the shadow of its famous ancestors.
rotten	A grandly staged but soulless and mediocre retelling of Moses liberating the slaves of Egypt.
rotten	This is big screen filmmaking at its most traditional, a pageant of sight and sound that makes the trip to the theater completely worth it. Pity about the movie, though.
rotten	To be absolutely fair, even if Exodus were cast with 100% racial/ethnic authenticity, it would still be a terrible film.
fresh	Ridley Scott's best film since Gladiator.
rotten	The film itself turns out to be a traditional, linear account of the Moses story that could have been taken from one of David Kossoff's bible stories.
rotten	It doesn't take long to realize that Ridley Scott's adaptation is only aiming for certain forms of credibility, and callously eschewing others.
rotten	More like Eh-Xodus.
rotten	"Exodus: Gods and Kings" is a creaky, sometimes painfully boring Old Testament slog, and finds the visionary director unable to successfully wrangle a human story out of a tale of gods and kings.
fresh	Scott's film never drags. Credit the committed acting of Bale and Edgerton, the former taking all the time necessary to connect with his inner Hebrew, and the latter finding his arrogance giving way to a touching mixture of bluster and grief.
rotten	Exodus confuses and frustrates with an uneven mix of camp and tragedy layered through Scott's controversial biblical spectacle.
rotten	Oy gevalt.
fresh	Exodus is, if still not necessary filmmaking, a plenty enveloping, even stirring, film, as Scott and his cast find interesting variation to play in small details and modest embellishments.
fresh	Scott, aided by CGI though many sets were constructed, has conjured a vision to make Cecil B. DeMille quake.
fresh	Director Ridley Scott gets lost in the desert at times in Exodus: Gods and Kings, his epic, but not entirely effective take on the story of Moses' journey from Prince of Egypt to Hebrew leader.
rotten	The best case scenario for this film is that a director's cut eventually turns Exodus: Gods and Kings into the ambitious, personal epic it tries but mostly fails to be.
rotten	What's absent is something fresh that illuminates Scott's technique anew.
fresh	The plague scenes are well executed; there's a quasi-logical explanation of how the Nile is turned to blood, and the inundation of locusts and frogs, and an outbreak of boils, are horribly plausible.
rotten	Why, oh why did the director decide that God should be played by a stroppy 11-year-old boy with a high-falutin' English accent? Any gravitas Exodus might have had goes up in flames, like the proverbial burning bush.
rotten	It's hard to tell whether Ridley Scott's Exodus is a misfire satire or a creative misfire, but I suspect it's the latter given that it takes itself so seriously
fresh	A rousing spectacle with scale in line with that of Gladiator, Ridley Scott's Exodus: Gods and Kings is big, bold and impressive
fresh	Ridley Scott has delivered a different kind of Biblical epic, one that questions just as much as it glorifies the power of the Almighty as He destroys the scourge who has taken more than their pound of flesh from "God's Chosen People".
fresh	Exodus: Gods and Kings is dark, spiritually incongruous and damn good.
fresh	This is bold and uncompromising stuff from Scott; a Biblical epic to shake your faith in the order of things, not reaffirm it.
rotten	This should be affecting stuff, but it's consistently undercut by the massively naff aesthetic.
fresh	No movie with such a limp ending can be fully satisfying, and the beginning also falters. But the long middle section is a rousing good show.
fresh	The result feels less like a straightforward retread of the biblical narrative than an amped-up commentary on it: This "Exodus" comes at you in a heady and violent onrush of incident ...
rotten	You'll leave humming the plagues.
fresh	The plot may be predictable but Scott's film is a revelation. This is a Biblical epic we can all believe in.
rotten	Mistaking massive amounts of CGI and epically dour performances for historical gravitas, "Exodus" wants to tell the story of Moses with the scope of a blockbuster but the soul of a gritty character drama.
fresh	Here is a movie that regards people with sympathetic gazes rather than details, fully aware how all things will pan out but fascinated enough by the inner-workings of flawed psyches to keep our eyes watching on in sobering deliberation.
fresh	Plays like a slow-motion wrestling bout, the characters edging and circling each other, occasionally finding an emotional grip before sliding apart to re-assess the stakes and manoeuvre positions.
fresh	Dark, often unsettling material and the tone is ominous, almost suffocatingly so, from start to finish--but the performances are stellar.
fresh	Steve Carell gives a surprising performance in "Foxcatcher." The comic actor shows his dramatic chops in an awesome way.
fresh	Miller has a keen eye for examining the intersection of class, money and ambition. The screenplay compresses the timeline, moves key scenes around, and favors character over action, but it absolutely stays focused on these difficult larger themes.
fresh	A pensive and unsettling film that defies genre description and keeps you wondering just what the heck sort of film you're watching.
fresh	Acting helps elevate weighty tale of wrestlers and rich men
fresh	A bit too icy, distant, and austere to qualify as a movie one would "love," Foxcatcher is still a remarkably engrossing film.
fresh	An extremely cold, creepy and brilliant examination of the spookiest edges of the male psyche.
fresh	A compelling, quietly disturbing drama about sport, wealth, lost manhood, mother issues and murder.
fresh	With Foxcatcher, Bennett Miller has made an unsettling but memorable piece of cinema.
fresh	It's a film of deceptive power; its effect is gradual and incremental.
fresh	A conduit to examine the hubris of America, and the fallout of never living up to the potential of a greatness that may have never existed
fresh	There are many elements to this true story about wealth, wrestling and winning but it is Steve Carell's extraordinary metamorphose as the creepy John E. du Pont, complete with unsettling gaze and manner that is the film's most haunting element
fresh	While lacking transparency at times and perhaps authenticity, it's the moments of greatness and the quality of the actors which take home the gold.
fresh	We leave the theater with a queasy feeling, as if we've stayed too long at a peep show.
fresh	An absorbing and poignant work yet also wearisome and drawn-out, with moments of ho-hum snail pacing matched by even more moments of masterful brilliance.
fresh	'Foxcatcher' wrestles with meaning but stubbornly resists being more than the very accomplished performance it is.
rotten	The picture isn't in any sense about the final act tragedy, the random act of a deranged man. The filmmaker merely uses it as a punctuation mark, a futile grasp at gravitas calculated to move Foxcatcher up in weight class.
fresh	When you strip away the celebrity status of those involved, this is just another story about a crazy guy with a gun who murders an innocent person. It just happens, but the film doesn't make you care about this particular murder.
fresh	Foxcatcher gets under your skin and stays there. It's easily one of the best things we've seen this year.
fresh	Steve Carell's leering du Pont, a sad, damaged soul who's blind to his princely vanity, becomes, in the character's stealthy way, an unforgettable villain.
fresh	In one of the finest performances of the year, Oscar nominee Steve Carell plays the real-life John du Pont in 'Foxcatcher,' the bizarre true story of a wealthy eccentric who wanted to form his own wrestling empire.
fresh	It imitates deliberately the pace of wrestling where nothing happens for ages, bar imperceptible shuffling and nudging, until suddenly someone wins.
fresh	"A powerfully gripping layer cake that explores the victims left to wither and die under the malignant, patriotic super-rich."
fresh	...about the ways men without women accommodate one another -- the way they literally lean on one another and the way alliances shift and dissipate as favors are proffered and withheld.
fresh	As a character study and illustration of the unglamorous lives of some Olympic champions, "Foxcatcher" is brilliant and strange.
fresh	Director Bennett Miller's a poor biographer but a good storyteller.
fresh	In Miller's hands, a movie that could easily have become so much exploitative trash is instead a sharp study of two tragically lonely lives, of the pitfalls of privilege and, in its own way, of the American way of doing things.
fresh	Miller's often ponderous detachment gives the film the kind of gravitas -- real or illusory -- that keeps it from seeming to be the kind of tabloid trash its story basically is.
fresh	It is, in many ways, beautifully made, giving its scenes the time to unfold, holding its shots patiently, showing, not telling. And the performances live up to this approach.
fresh	Tatum is on searing form, and Carrell really knocks it out of the park with his first straight dramatic role.
fresh	Bennett Miller's merciless direction and strong performances by Carell, Tatum, and the ever lovable Ruffalo make Foxcatcher one of this season's more essential viewings
fresh	An icy tale of possession ...
fresh	Foxcatcher is brilliantly acted and extremely well crafted in a wintry, slow burning way but has an emptiness at its core.
fresh	It is tautly directed, deftly written, thoroughly gripping and offers psychological heft as well as sublime performances all round.
fresh	A movie that appears to be about wrestling but in fact is a disturbing, testosterone-rich tour of the inadequacies of an American billionaire and his athletic protege.
fresh	It's not much fun, by the end. But golly: by my lights, it's a pretty perfectly-made, carefully crafted, well-acted, engaging film that is doing far more than meets the eye.
fresh	Another dramatic triumph for Bennett Miller, though it is his toughest and least glamorous outing yet. A sad and horrible story, expertly and compellingly told.
fresh	A true crime drama with a twist.
fresh	Miller's film is often unsettling - and although it's hard to like, it has much to commend it.
fresh	An exhilaratingly breathless experience.
fresh	A hypnotically disturbing triumph for Miller and his cast. Bruisingly intimate and psychologically nuanced, its spiral into savagery lingers like a bad dream.
fresh	An oft told story is given stirring insight through first rate performances and production.
rotten	There's just no life in the film: aiming for a tone of studied foreboding, Bennett Miller instead sucks all the energy from his story.
fresh	To avert your eyes is impossible. This is a film that creeps up on you, pins you down and will not let go.
rotten	Foxcatcher brings out very strong performances from its three leads, but is burdened by its too laboured stabs at gravitas.
fresh	Director Bennett Miller continues to skilfully probe around the edges of true stories with this follow-up to Capote and Moneyball, although this is a much, much darker tale.
fresh	The film wrestles with emotions more than bodies, and offers a harrowing examination of power, wealth, and the American dream.
fresh	Foxcatcher is a calamitous tale, told with unforgettable performances and a melancholic restraint.
fresh	No matter the theme, movies lately nearly always touch on workplace brutality or the lack of work at all. But for a change Foxcatcher names names, connecting chilling capitalist noir multi-millionaire murder at home, to US crimes against humanity abroad.
fresh	With a tip of the hat in the direction of Langston Hughes, let it be noted that Foxcatcher isn't so much a study of a dream deferred but of the American Dream deferred.
fresh	Carell's acting has been rightly praised, though it consists mostly of staring at people with an unfathomable, piercing gaze; Miller aims for maximum creepiness, and Carell delivers it.
fresh	It wants to make big statements about America and do it in a quiet voice, and is about class distinctions and the assumed privileges that money brings with it.
fresh	Director Bennett Miller ("Capote," "Moneyball") has a fascinating story here and he knows it.
rotten	Foxcatcher does not invoke ideas beyond the real-life story of du Pont and the Schultzes, thus depressing its audience without offering any compensating lessons.
fresh	Ruffalo, well-known as an actor's actor, will get the critical praise, but Tatum is just as strong, moving with the skill of a trained dancer.
rotten	Art can shape the truth in ways that resonate beyond the obvious. Regrettably, the truth-shaping here grapples for significance, without any apparent aim.
fresh	Watch this film for the performances: Tatum and Ruffalo finding new ground in familiar personas; Carell immersing himself into the mindset of a troubled man ...
fresh	Steve Carell is mesmerizing in Bennett Miller's dark, downer of a drama.
fresh	Foxcatcher is too cold of a movie to love, but that chilliness is intentional and transfixing, a parable about the darkest corners of the minds of damaged men that dares to whisper instead of shout.
fresh	If you're willing to be thrown for a loop, you're in good hands with this medal-worthy cast and crew.
fresh	Featuring three fine performances and intriguing, coldly effective storytelling, Foxcatcher is compulsory viewing for genre fans.
fresh	While not a twist in the traditional sense, the sudden conclusion - which, just like real life, does not provide a motive - allows "Foxcatcher" to stay with you, forcing you to process and rethink what came before.
fresh	Foxcatcher is one of the bleakest visions ever about the American Dream in a mainstream movie.
fresh	But the warmth and happiness of Dave's family life is as alien to John as the older Schultz's refusal to take his money. And even Dave's understanding only goes so far.
fresh	Quietly but firmly interprets the disturbing story of millionaire John du Pont through bifocal lenses of American dreaming and the sexual fantasies made accessible by wealth.
fresh	The movie's bouts are Hobbesian-nasty, brutish, and short- and who wins has little or nothing to do with the Olympic virtues preached every four years. By the end, it's evident that the filmmakers feel the same way about the American class system.
fresh	On the whole, Foxcatcher is a very intense and suspenseful film that builds to its act of madness-Miller gets more out of the previously spudlike Channing Tatum than any previous director.
fresh	Carell is immersed in the role, completely convincing. Tatum also is outstanding.
fresh	Isn't interested in speed, just character, and it achieves a stunning depiction of obsession and jealousy, punctuated by a devastating true-crime conclusion.
fresh	Foxcatcher, with its layered performances and emotionally precise storytelling, is a riveting drama that leaves you spellbound and more than a little shaken.
fresh	Carell is mesmerizing but nominations should also go to Tatum for an equally vanity-free performance. The acting succeeds while the story lacks a more in-depth study of a very complex relationship.
fresh	The triumph of Foxcatcher is not in the subject but in its art. The clear-eyed compassion and moral intelligence of Miller's film brings sense to the senseless, and finds the human pulse behind the tabloid shock.
fresh	What Miller and his team have wrought with Foxcatcher is a spellbinding portrait of desire and loneliness, which so often manifests itself in hollow victories and violent acts.
fresh	It's a technical wonder, which makes it all the the more disappointing that the film is never willing to go to the mat with a story that isn't so much about economics as it is a study of ambition driven by obsession.
rotten	You want to know where it's headed. But the movie is so chiseled down and sculpted that even once it gets there (you know when), it's unclear that it's earned it.
fresh	Foxcatcher is an arresting look the pitfalls of the American dream. Steve Carrell mesmerizes.
fresh	We expect expert acting from Ruffalo, and we get it, but the secret hero of "Foxcatcher" - and the performance you keep coming back to - is Channing Tatum as Mark, a lost boy in the skin of a brute.
fresh	A moody piece, without enough mood. It needs to be more ominous and foreboding.
fresh	The year's best cast, including a phenomenal Carell, makes up for slow pacing in the latest drama from the director of "Capote."
fresh	It's too bad then that the film...doesn't live up to Carell's memorable performance. As chilly as du Pont's mansion on a winter's night, Foxcatcher never quite comes together.
fresh	The movie's remote tone is occasionally frustrating but it feels appropriate because, unlike a more overtly sentimental film, it leaves plenty of room for the audience to respond.
fresh	"Foxcatcher" is a warped, oppressive landmark.
fresh	Foxcatcher crystallizes Miller's technique and concerns the way a dip in the temperature turns free-flowing water into hard-edged ice, as great performances and skillful technique transform history and tragedy into strong, striking art.
fresh	I just hope that people realize its hidden virtues, the ones that dig a little deeper than its "true story" and Carell's makeup.
fresh	It's smart, insightful and frightening, featuring three of the year's best and most complex performances.
fresh	The dialogue is clean, meaningful and chilling, the necessary component to make this an unforgettable movie.
fresh	Carell's performance is career-defining, one that should guarantee him an Oscar nomination.
fresh	It's brotherhood, in all its complexity and depth, before misguided money and power destroys it.
fresh	Even if you don't know the details of this real-life, late-20th-century tragedy, director Bennett Miller's masterfully observed psychological study is imbued with a sense of an inevitable, catastrophic meltdown.
fresh	Tantalizing and disturbing in equal measure, "Foxcatcher" is a firecracker of a thriller about a perfect storm of events that led to an inexplicable tragedy.
fresh	It's slow -- sometimes excruciatingly -- and it takes a long time for the obvious to occur. Yet, against my better judgment, I kinda, sorta wouldn't mind seeing it again. (Full Content Review -- Sex, Profanity, etc. -- for Parents also available)
fresh	Here, the pursuit of the American Dream is not a friendly competition or a fair fight. It's a blood sport.
fresh	...as though underplaying and long, silent stretches without even a musical score can somehow convey seriousness and import.
rotten	A beautifully shot, wonderfully acted, generally well-written film about a fascinating true-life story. So why does it seem to have a big empty hole in the middle of it?
fresh	This is how you make a film based on true events. That seems to be Bennett Miller's calling card, actually.
fresh	If on the surface this is a story about men seeking intimacy through unadulterated physicality, at its core, Foxcatcher is about people searching for something missing from their lives.
fresh	The fatherhood issues fueling the tension among Mark (Channing Tatum), Dave (Mark Ruffalo), and du Pont (a creepy, completely unrecognizable Steve Carell) are muted but powerfully realized.
rotten	The story here may have been worth a movie, but it's so diluted over a long and repetitive 134 minutes that's it's really hard to tell.
fresh	The best dramatic work of Tatum's career. You didn't know he could be this good.
fresh	It does fruitful work in the field of sport, where lofty notions of excellence and heroism can believably grapple with brutish realities involving money and ego.
fresh	At its core, "Foxcatcher" grapples, bluntly, with the subjects of class and money, and what some people do when, to quote a line from "Psycho," they can't buy off their own unhappiness.
fresh	A fascinating, indeed shocking, study of a character warped by privilege, wealth and repressed urges.
fresh	Pretty-boy Tatum impresses in every way. While it might not be a stretch for the strapping actor to play an athlete, it is a revelation to see how much he physically transforms into the hulking wrestler ...
fresh	Carell embodies the dank side of privilege and money and American manhood gone to stinking rot in Miller's bleak, harrowing, but thrilling true-life murder case from a heavily researched script by E. Max Frye and Dan Futterman.
fresh	Foxcatcher isn't afraid of venturing into territory avoided by most sports-related motion pictures. This isn't an inspirational film; in fact, quite the opposite is true.
rotten	Inert and suffocating.
fresh	"Foxcatcher" will likely get lots of (deserved) awards buzz. It is one of the best films of the year, if not the best.
fresh	...a great American story, literary and tragic. If ever a movie had compelling subtext for our time, it's "Foxcatcher."
rotten	As the creepy, repressed John E. DuPont, Carell gives an excellent performance that may well earn him the awards that have already been predicted.
rotten	This is your quintessential Hollywood long, boring movie...without an iota of pace...with the further detraction that it doesn't explain a thing about Olympic wrestling, a sport with arcane rules that could use some explaining.
fresh	Miller (who in his previous two films, Capote and Moneyball, showed a similar interest in the power machinations of lonely, obsessive outsiders) doesn't need a lot of dialogue or backstory to create a haunting mood of tension and menace.
fresh	Director Bennett Miller [parses] the complex nuances in the interactions among three men at the center of one of the most salacious chapters in Olympic history.
fresh	Foxcatcher is an interesting character study that struggles to convey insightful conclusions about its subjects.
fresh	Foxcatcher is among the best movies of the year, but ultimately it seems one better suited for awards than for audiences.
fresh	These performances are beyond reproach, which makes it even stranger that the film never quite turns into the crushing experience it feels like it should be.
fresh	Miller uses three superb performances to take us deep into a privileged world where the choreographed struggle of wrestling mixes toxically with the psychological struggles of familial disappointment.
fresh	Two great performances and one big fake nose anchor this chilly tale of murder.
fresh	{VIDEO ESSAY] "Foxcatcher" is a movie that functions on multiple levels to observe how the American elite use and abuse power toward the destruction of everything it touches.
fresh	A beautiful, deep, psychological thriller that comes together with fantastic performances.
fresh	It's rare to see an American movie that explores, let alone acknowledges, the class system in this country, or one that gets so far inside the abyss of the ethic that drives so many men to succeed -- and to implode when they don't.
fresh	Tense, well-acted tale of real-life psychological drama.
fresh	An expressionistic rumination on a society rotting under the weight of delusional, media-fed and pop culturally-promulgated notions of who we are and what we should be.
fresh	As always, (Bennett) Miller exhibits observant, masterful control as director and coaxes excellent work from his great cast. But I found the screenplay problematic in terms of failing to provide much psychological insight.
fresh	There's plenty of subtly handled excess to hold you aghast-and whichever way you slice, I maintain that yes, it is the damnedest sports movie you've ever seen.
fresh	Simply put, this is well-done filmmaking with some extraordinary performances.
rotten	Carell's performance is exaggerated, pronounced and so prominent that it obstructs other features.
rotten	The movie's take at times is fascinating. But it's basically one long, sick joke played at half speed. It's a ponderous, sick joke.
rotten	Three top-of-their-game actors in a cold and airless art film...
fresh	A despairing, intentionally disturbing film that draws us into a maelstrom of desperate emotions, it holds up a dark mirror to the American dream and does not like what it sees.
rotten	The mind wonders to what a more confrontational or flippant filmmaker would have done with this material.
rotten	Punishingly long, the movie insists that viewers spend more than two over-deliberate hours with a man whose pathology could be sketched in a few minutes. In sports, what Foxcatcher does is called "running out the clock."
fresh	In more ways than one, "Foxcatcher" is a movie-an enthralling enigma of a movie-about control.
rotten	Foxcatcher is a supremely well-acted and well-constructed motion picture with too little going on and too little at its core.
fresh	A story filled with dread but no suspense: a fable of the misunderstanding, heartbreak, irony and absurdity that can abound in America when two social classes grapple in mutual desire and animosity.
fresh	"Foxcatcher" is a gripping yarn all the way through, even if we're not entirely sure what the point is.
fresh	Beautifully acted and impeccably mounted, it is light on historical details and heavy on atmosphere, character and chintz.
fresh	Simultaneously understated and grippingly edgy, this is an arresting examination of naivete, mismatched worlds and old-fashioned American oddness.
fresh	It's about manhood and about lost men, about people needing to find something, anything, at any cost.
fresh	Foxcatcher might just be the feel-bad movie of the year. But it's so well-acted that audiences won't want to miss its dark, chilling yet restrained story.
rotten	If I had to make a list of movies I'm saddest about not having liked, this would rank near the top.
rotten	...tautly acted but dramatically deficient
fresh	Steve Carell offers a tour de force of slow-burning menace. Foxcatcher, one of the year's very best films, exposes the diseased underbelly of American exceptionalism and knocks the ground out from under you.
fresh	It's understandable that Bennett Miller should have been fascinated by the du Pont-Schultz case and wanted to make a film from it. But sometimes the defense of "based on a true story" evades both the real facts and their fictional potential.
rotten	The pieces of something important are here - there's ego and greed and desperation, the essential ingredients of the American tragedy - but none of it fits together.
fresh	This film is too subtle-and, frankly, too strange-to explicitly make some simple, overarching, grandiose statement. And yet, it gets at the complicated, unresolved nature of American life almost subliminally.
fresh	Foxcatcher may keep you at arm's length, but it's only so you can see the whole picture.
rotten	Within this vacuum of malaise, fine performers struggle valiantly to breathe life into their roles.
fresh	As a character study "Foxcatcher" is mesmerizing, eerie and unpredictably weird.
fresh	Foxcatcher is, ultimately, a deeply political film, but not in the way you might think.
fresh	It's an amalgam of dramatic all-American themes including ambition, paranoia, greed and the ice cubes in the blood that fuel the ruthless pursuit of success in the competitive world of sports. Color it hair-raising.
fresh	While Foxcatcher remains compellingly watchable through its first three quarters, it fails in the pacing of its final act.
fresh	This is a true-crime story in which the crime is treated as an afterthought.
fresh	Rarely has a film so chilly felt so richly drawn. Bennett Miller's decidedly remote true-life story is a brilliantly acted, fiercely American tragedy.
fresh	Plays like a mega-ponderous, aggressively prestigious chunk of awards bait - like, say, Bennett Miller's 'Capote' - spliced with an awkward yukfest.
fresh	Transformative performances in service of a subtle shot at how the in-bred one percent truly regard everybody else
fresh	Part existential murder mystery, part Freudian detective story and fully an indictment of the American success story.
fresh	A trio of strong lead performances elevate the material, but not to the level of a gold-medal winner.
fresh	The slow pace won't be for everyone, but watching three actors give such riveting performances in the telling of such a fascinating character piece more than makes up for it.
fresh	Foxcatcher weaves its spell through the cunning use of unhurried silences...-rarely does a director display such control of his materials.
fresh	There is plenty here to draw and hold the eye.
fresh	Like du Pont himself, Foxcatcher draws us in without really allowing us to get under its skin.
fresh	Foxcatcher is both moral fable and updated, same-sex Gothic: a penniless young person is lured to a vast, sinister mansion owned by an aristocrat tormented by his past.
fresh	Sorrowful and sordid, oozing bizarre homoeroticism and brutal violence...
fresh	An unrecognizable Steve Carell is awesome in a deadly serious, humorless role as heir to the Du Pont fortune, whose hobby is training a wrestling team for the 1988 Olympics.
fresh	The 1802 gun-powder-mill origins of 'that' wealthy du Pont family are neatly brought into the drama rather than lazily printed on the screen or voiced from off it.
fresh	Carell delivers a commanding, unnerving portrayal of a man with cold, dead eyes and a matching heart who watches over his underlings with the predatory gaze of an eagle.
fresh	A strange and tragic cautionary tale about the pathological pursuit of success.
fresh	A glacial, passive drama where true emotions seethe beneath a surface of calm - until they can be contained no more.
fresh	It's hard to take your eyes off Carell, compellingly creepy as someone who's grown up under a withering gaze, and whose effortful self-containment is undermined by that dangerous flicker in his eyes.
fresh	A richly developed psychological drama about the fire of ambition in the lives of a gold-medal winning wrestler and a multimillionaire wrestling enthusiast.
fresh	A handsome, complex enough film that mostly refuses to commit to easy psychoanalysis
fresh	Seated firmly in the center are a trio of dazzling performances from Channing Tatum, Steve Carell, and Mark Ruffalo, all of which make a compelling case for their career best works.
fresh	The result is a well-made film that is emotionally distant, even as you can sense why a guy like Mark might fall for Du Pont's overtures and feel betrayed by them at the same time.
fresh	Of Bennett Miller's many directorial feats, his canniest is his depiction of the precariousness of bonds, and how those bonds can shift, drastically yet almost imperceptibly.
fresh	Foxcatcher is great at being an awards movie, and not so great at telling the story of what it's actually supposed to be about.
fresh	Foxcatcher nevertheless comes off as a particularly handsome bit of Oscar bait - with the movie, it often seems, designed to impress more than entertain.
fresh	The filmmaking is spare but incisive and, together with the performances, this film should dominate any awards conversation this fall.
fresh	I could dig, analyze and appreciate Foxcatcher for years. All of that being said, Foxcatcher is remarkable.
fresh	A positively harrowing and gut-wrenching true story that gets everything right.
rotten	...it feels like a calculated articulation of what a serious prestige picture should like instead of an organic and rewarding drama.
fresh	There's not a hint of fantasy in Foxcatcher and it's still the scariest monster movie of the year.
fresh	A surefire Oscar contender that should secure multiple nominations (especially for its performances), Foxcatcher is, at its core, about the risks, rewards and consequences of wanting to be great.
fresh	Bennett Miller has made what might almost be called an awards-bait exploitation film, except that he purges the material of sensationalism, and he does so in the most honest and artful way possible. He keeps it real.
rotten	Ponderous, emotionally chilly Oscar bait.
fresh	It's an important, vital, vibrant film that gives new light to men who struggled so hard to find it in their real lives.
fresh	Career best performances by Steve Carell and Channing Tatum.
fresh	Often mesmerizing and occasionally frustrating, Foxcatcher is an accomplished blend of sports-themed drama and tabloid true crime that's cool to the touch.
fresh	You may not be prepared for the masterful way that Miller keeps us off-balance and uneasy, or for the gnawing sense of doom that gradually builds.
fresh	I did not know anything about the story of John du Pont before seeing Foxcatcher. Now that I know how it ends, all the tensions of the scenes before it have changed.
fresh	it does all the explaining it needs to--the trick is learning to listen the right way. That's what Foxcatcher's about. It's fantastic.
fresh	If this restrained '80s-set drama largely works despite pacing problems and all-too-readable thematic and psychological arcs, it's thanks to the superb trio of actors.
fresh	It is something of a relief to finally surface at the end, but the voyage is certainly worth taking. A glum classic.
fresh	Some may not have the patience to stick with the film while it almost floats along, but for those willing to enjoy the remarkable performances and restrained direction, there is plenty to reward a committed audience.
fresh	Though anchored by a affecting and sullen turn by Channing Tatum, the movie derives its primary discomfiting power from Steve Carell in a revelatory performance as a monster of American wealth.
fresh	[Miller has] created something so universal and resonant that it feels epic, sprawling, almost ancient in its mythic overtones.
fresh	The will to win has rarely seemed more self-defeating than it does in Foxcatcher, a sinuous, methodical true-crime drama in which the moral and psychological rot sets in long before any crime is committed.
rotten	Once Miller lays all his cards on the table ... you realize you haven't been watching people struggling with the very real temptations of unchecked privilege, so much as fumbling blindly in a glib, gloomy satire of American exceptionalism.
fresh	Aided by a prosthetic schnoz and a deliberately ill-fitting tracksuit, Steve Carell gives the definition of a career-redefining performance...
fresh	Foxcatcher skillfully thrives on that tension of the calm before the storm...
fresh	A thought-provoking and solid piece of work.
fresh	A film to be considered alongside David Fincher's The Social Network and Paul Thomas Anderson's The Master as a swirling, smoke-black parable of modern America.
fresh	E. Max Frye's screenplay takes us on the Schultz brothers' journey and leads us to the terrible denouement in this subtle and horrifying parable of what money can and can't buy.
rotten	As a consequence of Bennett Miller's relentless de-dramatization, Foxcatcher offers us next to nothing of utility or complexity about du Pont's pathology.
fresh	Above everything else, it is a piercing insight into toxic mentor-ism, into competitive men and their terrible emotional need to find a father-figure to hate and to disappoint.
fresh	A wonderfully taut and thoughtfully unnerving drama ...
fresh	Steve Carell, Mark Ruffalo and Channing Tatum give superb performances in Bennett Miller's powerfully disturbing true-crime saga.
fresh	A superbly modulated study of a twisted mind with a career-changing performance by Steve Carell.
fresh	With inspired performances and an even more inspiring story, this film is more than just a fantastic biopic about a great man; it is also a call to action.
fresh	Selma achieves the rare accolade of being a powerful period piece with stark contemporary resonance.
fresh	Do not believe anyone trying to make "Selma" a factional thing, a liberal or conservative, black, white, or hashtag movie. It transcends all that. It is a great American story, well told, and nothing less.
fresh	"Some of DuVernay's directorial decisions, such as her strangely stylized treatment of a church bombing, come across like the work of a filmmaker who is still finding her visual vocabulary."
fresh	Given the degree of difficulty of making such a film ring true in nearly all the right places, stands as a benchmark and is arguably the best film of 2014.
fresh	As emotionally and racially charged as the film's story is, director Ava DuVernay is determined to deliver a full-bodied, balanced drama that derives its power from the central fight for understanding and respect.
fresh	This electrifying film puts the tension, the fear, the courage, and the tragedy in perspective, and dramatizes it through the struggles of people, not rhetoric.
fresh	Skilfully directed by Ava DuVernay and featuring a wonderful leading performance from David Oyelowo, Selma pulls back the curtain on a riveting piece of U.S. history.
fresh	First rate.
fresh	The repeated references to nonviolence form an especially powerful theme, a reminder of what can be accomplished not through simply taking revenge, but by staying your hand.
fresh	With the events of Ferguson so fresh in our memories, Selma is uncomfortable yet necessary viewing.
fresh	A stirring moment for civil rights, and one of the year's best
fresh	For all its evasions, short cuts, and mismanaged ideas, Selma can't be dismissed. Its modest achievements engross.
fresh	My naivety of SELMA was that it was to be about 'I Have a Dream'. So the voting-rights focus was a deserving hard slap to my face. Yes, SELMA and David Oyelowo's performance is powerful. The medley of traditional songs particularly impressionable
fresh	DuVernay says she doesn't like typical historical dramas, and it shows.
fresh	In compact, economical form, DuVernay sets out her table: the juxtaposition of domestic intimacy and institutional violence; the tension between the personal and political; the vivid interplay between the historical and the contemporary.
fresh	It is artful, inspiring, perfectly cast and powerfully acted, beautifully shot, scored with sensitivity rather than sentimentality, efficiently edited, profoundly dignified.
fresh	Oyewolo brilliantly conveys [King's] incandescent gifts ... his shrewd tactical intelligence, blazing moral conviction and spellbinding rhetorical power.
fresh	The trivia fact that Selma and Salem are anagrams of each other is only relevant because as were the 17th witch hunts of Salem, the 20th century racist witch hunts of Selma were propelled by bigoted ignorance
fresh	It's a role of a lifetime for classically trained English actor David Oyelowo, whose distinguished performance ably embodies the physicality and essence of the pastor, humanitarian and human rights activist
fresh	An astonishing story, told with grace
fresh	A magnificent film, vital and alive, with the most profound sense of immediacy I think I've ever felt in a historical story.
fresh	One of the finest biopics in recent memory, this drama manages to present someone as iconic as Martin Luther King Jr. as a normal man anyone can aspire to emulate.
fresh	In some ways it's beyond criticism as the first-ever major movie about this heroic campaigner.
fresh	The famed American civil-rights leader Martin Luther King Jr has been strangely under-represented in the cinema. Ava DuVernay's excellent third film thankfully puts this continued omission right.
fresh	Selma is a rousing political drama, made with enough verve and passion never merely to seem didactic. Its near complete absence from this year's Oscar nominations is baffling and suggests a double standard.
fresh	In Selma, British actor David Oyelowo subtly transmogrifies himself into Martin Luther King Jr, displaying intelligent self-doubt, not flash political pomp.
fresh	Oyelowo is sensational in Selma. He makes you believe, body and soul, heart and mind, in his performance as Martin Luther King.
fresh	The overall sense of righteous, non-violent anger is palpable.
fresh	It's high time MLK got the big-screen platform he deserves. Thanks to Selma, justice has been done.
fresh	The film's old-fashioned emotional surge accentuates the absurdity of it taking half a century for Hollywood to properly address Martin Luther King's legacy.
fresh	Even before our ears catch the mention of Ferguson in the closing song, Selma has proved itself fiercely modern and aggressively cinematic.
fresh	Selma is always involving.
fresh	The film firmly centres on the intimate, reminiscent of Spielberg's Lincoln, where grandiosity is found in performance not pedestals.
rotten	In which the fight for black rights, instead of having a fiery and inspiring crackle, is like being hit over the head with a long, soggy sermonette.
fresh	Ava DuVernay's vital civil rights drama is the film Martin Luther King deserved.
fresh	A passionate movie, commanding and compelling, all about Martin Luther King and his civil rights march in 1965 from Selma, Alabama, to the state capital Montgomery.
fresh	It is beyond baffling why British actor David Oyelowo has not been nominated for either a BAFTA or an Oscar for his exceptional lead performance as Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. in new drama, Selma.
fresh	It is an invigorating movie, this Selma, with the characters and rhetoric providing much of the power.
fresh	While it takes sizable liberties with history to move us, it is at times genuinely stirring.
fresh	Incredibly powerful and often moving, anchored by an awards-worthy performance from Oyelowo.
fresh	This is a film as confident and assured in its moral fortitude, and as soaringly powerful in its oratory, as the great man himself.
fresh	A daunting challenge for any actor, Oyelowo rises to the task, in a film that eschews the traditional biopic approach.
fresh	The power of Ava DuVernay's astonishing film comes from its understanding of the limits of King's work as much as its celebration of his achievements.
fresh	[David Oyelowo] gives a huge, heartfelt performance (iniquitously ignored by the Academy) and he seems mindful, too, that the story is bigger than one man.
fresh	Selma's achievements defy those of regular films.
fresh	Selma is an almost impassable minefield of opportunities to make a bad film. Director Ava DuVernay danced through like Fred Astair.
fresh	...in many ways remarkable, one of the best conventional Hollywood movies to ever engage the seemingly intractable American problem of racial injustice.
fresh	Think of it as "Civil Rights for beginners."
fresh	It's a movie concerned with the march, and its most nimble work is in illuminating scenes rather than trying to explicate them.
fresh	...does not shy away from controversial elements of King's character.
fresh	Reminds that underneath the legend Martin Luther King was a pure Christian soul, who relied upon and used the Christian faith to battle injustice both on the streets and in the corridors of political power.
fresh	It is a moving and well-meaning film that never quite manages the greatness one expects, given its soaring subject material.
fresh	Captures a sense of events unfolding in the present tense, in a political and cultural climate as complex, multifaceted and undetermined as the times we live in.
fresh	Needless to say, Dr. King's message has never been more relevant.
fresh	A cinematic masterpiece, this feature may be small in scope but it's momentous in its ability to capture how complex and powerful the civil rights movement was.
fresh	"Selma presents a multidimensional portrayal of Dr. King, flaws and all, and it makes us wonder how far we've actually come today."
fresh	Succinctly demonstrates we've both come a long way and have a long way to go.
fresh	Selma manages to beautifully articulate a pivotal moment in history - one that is hauntingly ironic in how it echoes our current times and society.
fresh	One of the most powerful examples of sacrifice one will see in this century.
fresh	A blast of piercing social insight expressed through exquisite craftsmanship that makes it feel like art and not bald-faced messaging.
fresh	"Selma," on top of all of its many other virtues, is an inspiring movie about politics being done right.
fresh	What makes the film -- for any of its shortcomings -- such a vital work is how relevant its depiction of the events of 50 years ago are to today.
fresh	As the 50th anniversary of the events it depicts approaches, 'Selma' feels chillingly contemporary, all too real, and monumental in more ways than one.
fresh	It will be 50 years this August that Johnson signed the bill giving everyone the right to vote, but we are still struggling with many of these same issues today. How is that even possible?
fresh	"Selma" is a phenomenally stirring production that should be seen by everyone who believes in racial equality. And even more so by anyone who does not.
fresh	has the power to enrage and enlighten
fresh	At its best, the new movie about King cracks the civil rights leader and his associates from their plaster-saint cocoons.
fresh	More often than not ... "Selma" focuses on the one thing we don't expect in a movie about Martin Luther King Jr. - his doubts - and Oyelowo comes through with a deeply felt and quite brilliant performance.
fresh	Inspiring and impassioned, delivering Rev. Dr. King's reverberating message of perserverance.
fresh	Their camaraderie and the heated arguments capture the essence of the personalities and issues. . .in a large and impressive ensemble of African-American character actors.
fresh	...founded on a communal sense of historical accomplishment.
fresh	It's a movie, yes. But this stirring account of the fight to end racially motivated voting impediments in the Deep South is more than anything a much-needed wake-up call for a country that has seriously lost its way in terms of equality.
fresh	Despite all the great things you'll hear about "Selma" - an important, Oprah-endorsed awards-season biopic - it actually is great.
fresh	It's a King-size role for this terrific actor.
fresh	There were better movies released during 2014 than Selma -- though all could be counted on just one hand with the thumb neatly tucked underneath -- but were there any that were more topical, more important, more monumental?
fresh	A well-intentioned yet persistently underwhelming drama...
fresh	What could be simplistic schmaltz ends up being a harsh rebuke of symbolic gestures.
fresh	Directed with confidence by Ava DuVernay, it's a movie about how King changed America by having the canny political genius to show the country an image of itself that it could not bear.
fresh	This is a film about work: the work at hand, the work it takes to do the work, and, for an audience in 2015, the question of whether the work worked.
fresh	Hollywoodized to the extent of depicting President Lyndon Johnson as an obstructionist to the African-American cause. Nonetheless, 'Selma' is compelling cinema.
fresh	With protestors organizing what feels like could evolve into another Civil Rights Movement, Selma is an important document of those who went before.
fresh	Oyelowo's performance reflects the film as a whole: graceful understated, not showy, yet deeply moving.
fresh	Selma is one of so many well-meaning historical dramas that fall prey to their overpowering stories. Gravitas abounds in every scene.
fresh	Vivid, nuanced and, yes, timely.
fresh	Selma is about America at its worst -- and very best.
fresh	David Oyelowo is superb; film is remarkably topical and relevant.
fresh	... pays tribute by resonating more deeply when considered in the context of current events.
fresh	...a film that demands to be seen, despite its flaws. It's part of American history and a story that we should all know.
rotten	It's understandable that DuVernay would make a priority of avoiding excessive detail. But too much of the movie is like the opening: deliberate, broad, uninspired.
fresh	Like Dr. King did, the film captures your mind and your heart as it entertains, the way great movies often do.
fresh	A film this heartfelt and intelligent about social justice will never be unimportant, but it feels especially relevant today.
fresh	Oyelowo's performance exists on a single continuum, convincing us that the man inspiring millions is the same man we saw grieving alone just a few minutes before. He's the man we knew, and never knew.
fresh	Selma is one of the great emotional experiences of recent years; a fiercely powerful look at one of the Civil Rights Movement's most triumphant victories.
rotten	The paint-by-numbers portrayals of 1960s iconic players is pathetic and the story fails to capture the passion, energy and hope of MLK's leadership and of the times.
fresh	At times borders on the Shakespearean.
fresh	Without Oyelowo's texture and firepower, perhaps the picture would've been understood, but it wouldn't have been as precise in its emotion.
fresh	An uneven yet generally skillful effort that has probably drawn more praise and criticism than it warrants.
fresh	This is what Selma dares to do so well: show us the small, private moments in King's life, the intimacies, the humanity.
fresh	DuVernay shows visual assurance and a way with actors and especially words.
fresh	The skilfully re-created look of the era in the actual locations lets the viewer drop right into one of the darkest chapters in U.S. history, a time when blind hatred and bigotry set public policy.
fresh	It's films like Selma that remind us that behind every massive pivotal moment there are a thousands of smaller stories that come together like raindrops forming a ground-shaking thunderstorm.
fresh	As a film, Selma is solid if unspectacular. As a dramatic portrayal of recent U.S. history, however, Selma burns with a fierce intensity.
fresh	DuVernay's film deals less in the outcome than in the immediate, and it's hardly ever sentimental or manipulative, a common trait of films that are based on true events, used to make sure you feel inspired.
fresh	We see history as it unfolds, not as it has been encased in amber, in a movie that needs to be seen in these anxious days of renewed racial and cultural unrest.
fresh	The movie is riveting. It reminds us not only of how far we have come as a society but how far we have yet to go.
fresh	Deeply-felt drama depicting the worst of America and the best of America. David Oyelowo is excellent.
fresh	It may be coincidence that Selma reverberates with a particular timeliness...Still, it's thanks to director DuVernay and first-time features writer Paul Webb that the film has more than the luck of timing on its side.
fresh	Selma is a passionate and utterly important historical recounting, unimpeachable for its modern relevancy, and moving in its cinematic telling.
fresh	What Daniel Day-Lewis did for Lincoln, Oyelowo does for King, mimicking his behavior and speech uncannily. He is both completely believable and someone we've never encountered before.
fresh	Although Selma is dramatically uneven overall, the film is a commendable historical drama that sidesteps the pitfalls of adulatory biopics and great-man approaches to encapsulating bygone events.
fresh	Even some of the film's strongest proponents are positioning the film as a good-for-you, syllabus-ready obligation. That's an affront to the intelligence, cinematic flexibility and emotional satisfaction of this rousing film.
fresh	Selma shines a painful light on the events of 1965, from the tragic bombing of a Birmingham, Ala., church to the police brutality during the first effort to begin a march from Selma's Edmund Pettus Bridge.
fresh	A Powerful Reminder of Sacrifice and Struggle.
fresh	To see "Selma" is to feel and appreciate anew the burden of greatness.
fresh	In an era of comic-book movies, "Selma" is an impressive reminder of the real-life struggle for human dignity.
fresh	A somber and distressingly relevant tribute to King and his fellow compatriots in the civil-rights movement of the 1960s.
fresh	No movie in memory feels as necessary as Selma, while the history it portrays is echoed by current events. When the value of black lives is asserted in the streets by marchers of all colors, spurred by wrongs to be righted, indignities to overcome.
fresh	Nearly everyone who goes to "Selma" will know the rough outlines of the story, but DuVernay has made a vigorous and surprising film.
fresh	As history 'Selma' may cause some controversy, but as fact-based drama it's exceptionally fine.
fresh	Though these events occurred half a century ago, their power and relevance are undiminished.
fresh	History becomes breathtaking drama in "Selma"; there's an urgent realism in the storytelling, as if we're seeing this just in time. And indeed we are ...
fresh	Selma creates a sense of real life being lived, rather than just facts and figures being dramatized.
fresh	Director Ava DuVernay...wisely shifts the emphasis away from the person - it's hard to make a movie about a saint, even a secular one - and onto the process.
fresh	Selma is wet paint Americans (especially young ones) had probably best watch dry, as we remember the past and contemplate where the country goes from here.
fresh	Selma, the latest in a long string of strong biopics out over the last year, deserves your undivided attention.
fresh	"Selma" demands to be seen now and by the generations that follow.
fresh	Earnest, but only occasionally inspiring and a bit of an overreach, especially in the casting.
fresh	The brilliance of Ava DuVernay's Selma lies in how it makes a man out of a historical icon without diminishing his greatness in the slightest.
fresh	Selma is an important history lesson that never feels like a lecture. Once school is back in session, every junior high school class in America should take a field trip to see this movie.
fresh	Still, what is most startling about Selma isn't its painstaking presentation of this painful history, but how salient that history remains nearly 50 years on.
fresh	History, written in lightning: writer-director Ava DuVernay's third feature, understated yet righteously furious, beautifully dramatizes a few crucial months in the civil-rights movement and the life of Martin Luther King (David Oyelowo, electric).
fresh	While Selma hardly redefines the comfortably historical struggle genre, it injects it with some political intelligence and a touch of the cynical humor that goes hand-in-hand with knowledge of such things.
fresh	This is lucid in its political analysis and sobering in its depictions of racially motivated violence, though it sometimes comes off as stolid.
fresh	A stunning achievement and an interesting comparison to Spielberg's "Lincoln", a film that gave short shrift to Black self-emancipation, something that attests to the need for Black directors like Ava DuVernay.
fresh	If not quite in quality then certainly in import and impact, this is the film of the year - of 1965 and perhaps of 2014.
fresh	[A] thoroughly engrossing portrayal of politics in its most rudimentary shape, it is also a rousing representation of the concept of democracy at its best and most potent.
fresh	A film of great power and integrity, fiercely attentive to the tipping point of progress and the difficult decisions that push it forward.
fresh	The year's most powerful and emotionally-gripping film seems as necessary and essential now as it did nearly 50 years ago.
fresh	This is no soup-to-nuts King biopic.
fresh	David Oyelowo is as believable in a quiet domestic scene as he is in his most majestic moments, in filmmaker Du Vernay's skillful re-creation of this period in recent American history.
fresh	Easily one of the most important and relevant films of the year.
fresh	The true brilliance of David Oyelowo's work--and that of Ava DuVernay, for that matter--lies in the delicate balance between duly respecting King as a historical icon and incisively studying King as a man.
fresh	A fascinating depiction of a turbulent time in American history.
fresh	A stately, sober film, at times uplifting and at others agonizing.
fresh	If "Selma" is limited by the kind of film it needed to be and by what its studio proprietors wanted to sell, it's still the best and most intimate fictional portrayal of the civil rights movement, by a long shot.
fresh	DuVernay's most remarkable accomplishment may be that with such passion-inspiring material, she has made such a measured, resolute and levelheaded film.
fresh	At its best, Ava DuVernay's biographical film honors Dr. King's legacy by dramatizing the racist brutality that spurred him and his colleagues to action.
fresh	Outstanding drama about MLK's fight for equal rights.
fresh	It's one of the best films of 2014. (Full Content Review -- Sex, Profanity, etc. -- for Parents also available)
fresh	There's a stirring freshness to the cinema of "Selma," and it's not just because of Bradford Young's rich, moody photography.
fresh	Superb as biography, as history, and as drama. It is one of the best movies of this year and this decade.
fresh	Selma shows us where we were going. Watching it now, it's depressing how far from that path we've strayed.
fresh	With expansive shots of protests in motion and intimate, shadowy close-ups of King locked in jail, DuVernay's direction brings to life what many only know in black-and-white snapshots.
fresh	There's a powerfully nuanced and award-worthy performance by David Oyelowo as Martin Luther King.
fresh	For all of the weight of history it carries, it's the rare biopic that actually works as both a personal story and an exploration of America's past.
fresh	Selma is both an example of that principle in action and a timely call for harmony in a year marked by racial unrest. (That the film should feel so relevant even today is frustrating.)
fresh	Ambitious, moving, and features a performance fit for the history books from David Oyelowo. It's one of the single best things you can see in 2014.
fresh	"Selma" is a necessary film, even an essential one, with more than its share of memorable performances and vivid, compelling sequences.
fresh	Its timeliness is a spine-chilling reminder that those who do not know their history are doomed to repeat it. Its story provides a blueprint not only of the past, but of the way forward.
fresh	What matters is that a film about a protest in 1965 is powerfully relevant to today and should be required viewing for the year.
fresh	Selma is a true triumph; a vitally important film with a legacy destined to endure.
fresh	I have rarely seen a historical film that felt so populous and full of life, so alert to the tendrils of narrative that spread beyond the frame.
fresh	"Selma" invites viewers to heed its story, meditate on its implications and allow those images once again to change our hearts and minds.
fresh	An insightful look into the making of a historic moment; Oyelowo raises the roof as MLK.
fresh	Hollywood's definitive depiction of the 1960s American civil rights movement - as well as perhaps the most timely movie you'll see this year.
fresh	An overdue tribute to a revered icon and to some unsung foot soldiers who played a critical role at a seminal moment in the courageous African-American struggle for freedom and equality.
fresh	Ava DuVernay has pulled off a personal triumph by managing an engrossing film that serves up a chuck of history too many Americans don't know or have forgotten.
fresh	What makes this one of the year's most notable movies, is the way DuVernay cuts through the immense mythology to delve into King's brilliant political mind.
fresh	I walked out of SELMA believing in this country, even amidst all the horror and tragedy we've been experiencing, because SELMA helped me remember that sometimes we're at our best in the face of injustice like this.
fresh	Meticulously researched and elegantly scripted by debuting screenwriter Paul Webb, Selma toggles between moments big and small, though everything feels necessary.
fresh	With Selma, DuVernay has pulled off a tricky feat, a movie based on historical events that never feels dull, worthy, or lifeless; it hangs together as a story and not just part of a lesson plan.
fresh	Selma's showcasing of individual moments over the educational arc helps to make this saga feel immediate, not preordained but unfolding as a series of actions, planned and unplanned.
fresh	As cinema, Selma is commendable; as cultural barometer, it's beyond reproach.
fresh	This is real American history being made, you think - and regular Americans making it. But then, those are the Americans who always do.
fresh	To DuVernay's credit, she manages to make almost every moment as riveting as the last, and a big part of that success falls on the casting, even those in bit roles.
fresh	DuVernay's look at Martin Luther King's 1965 voting-rights march against racial injustice stings with relevance to the here and now. Oyelowo's stirring, soulful performance as King deserves superlatives.
fresh	This is an intellectual approach to an emotional issue - and it delivers, powerfully and beautifully.
fresh	Anything could have happened. The unthinkable often did. And Selma depicts it all with a gripping, majestic flourish that feels just right.
fresh	A large part of Selma's success is rooted in Oyelowo's superb, nuanced portrayal of a figure held to be a near deity.
fresh	An impassioned lead performance and timely parallels to contemporary social issues enliven and elevate this otherwise somewhat routine biopic.
fresh	An unforgettable movie experience. David Oyelowo gives the performance of the year.
fresh	A film about courage and strength that should be required viewing in this, a nation whose sense of history extends barely as far as last week.
fresh	Ava DuVernay's Selma is good as you've heard. It's delicious as well as nutritious.
fresh	By focusing on the power of cannily staged collective action to turn the tide of public opinion, Selma achieves a contemporary relevance that few historical dramas can ...
fresh	One of the most important films of the year.
fresh	DuVernay has done a great service with Selma. Not only has she made one of the most powerful films of the year, she's given us a necessary reminder of what King did for this country...and how much is left to be done.
fresh	Did this retelling--both epic and intimate, lush and brutal--really need to wrap itself up with a PBS-worthy montage?
fresh	Gorgeously shot, beautifully written and brought to vivid life by an assortment of wonderful performances, Selma is stunningly powerful, emotive and indispensable filmmaking.
fresh	"Selma" wisely sidesteps predictable inspirational-movie cliches: Deep down, this film knows that the more things change, the more they stay the same. And there is still much work to be done.
fresh	A tough, sober, lived-in look at the gruntwork of activism.
fresh	DuVernay has made a very good movie.
fresh	It'd be a good movie any year, but given the events of the last few months, it's now an almost unbearably resonant one.
fresh	Selma could have a major effect beyond the theaters.
fresh	A brief but crucial episode in the sixties civil rights movement gets strikingly dramatised in Selma, a historical drama that feels topical thanks to recent events in Ferguson and other US cities.
fresh	As unnervingly timely as this historical drama is, this is also a film with clear-eyed heart, one that sweeps you up and carries you with undeniable power and grace.
fresh	Avoids the usual biopic stuffiness by concentrating on one major event in Dr. King's life, the march in Selma, Alabama.
fresh	The film pinpoints Selma's place in this overarching historical context without feeling browbeaten by it into merely erecting a memorial. It's full of quicksilver decision-making, sinew and guts.
fresh	Perhaps there's no better time for a reminder of the power of non-violent protest, but Selma also provides a potentially dangerous reassurance that the battle has already been won.
fresh	In a year of remarkable performances, Oyelowo is simply magnificent as Dr. King.
fresh	A stirring and enlightening movie about civil rights leader Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., and his crusade for equality.
fresh	"Selma" is vital correspondence, filmmaking lived on the streets where brutal facts were ignored then reported, and now snatched back from history to sustain a spirit few films can or will possess.
fresh	A joyful, angry, and sad film - occasionally all three in the same scene.
fresh	Intelligently written, vividly shot, tightly edited, sharply acted, the film represents a rare example of craftsmanship working to produce a deeply moving piece of history.
fresh	Ava DuVernay's politically astute, psychologically acute MLK bio-pic makes the Civil Rights movement seem like only yesterday.
fresh	"Selma" is one of the best American films of the year - and indeed perhaps the best - precisely because it does not simply show what Dr. King did for America in his day; it also wonders explicitly what we have left undone for America in ours.
fresh	An engaging, emotionally resonant piece of filmmaking.
rotten	This secular pilgrimage has fine acting but wants to be more meaningful than it is.
rotten	Little adventure or real catharsis in the rather bland, surprisingly superficial terrain.
fresh	This is perhaps Marc-Vallee's least showy and most balanced film, handling despair, hope and, in one of the film's most memorable scenes, terror in unexpectedly subtle ways.
fresh	You'll go 'Wild' for Reese Witherspoon's performance.
fresh	Witherspoon carries Wild across the finish line
fresh	A solid entertainment that treats the central story of redemption with honesty
fresh	There's something fiercely feminist about Wild...
fresh	Jean-Marc Vallee follows up The Dallas Buyer's Club with Wild, another strong, urgent, raw piece of filmmaking that offers an Oscar-nominated turn for its lead actor, in this case Reese Witherspoon.
fresh	As it traverses familiar territory and covers a distance that The Proclaimers would be proud of, it does so with sufficient grace and gusto.
fresh	As a new chapter in Reese Witherspoon's career, Wild is a positive step towards the future.
fresh	What I like most about Wild is its nuance, its sense of uncertainty and its willingness to leave unanswerable questions unanswered.
fresh	There's something about a cinematic road trip that circulates the juices, stirs the pheromones.
fresh	As a film about self-discovery, Wild doesn't have the beauty, depth or spiritual appeal of Sean Penn's modest masterpiece Into the Wild (2007). Still, it is a gorgeously filmed paean to determination and the ever-elusive goal of self-improvement.
fresh	The film is frank but rarely simplistic and Vallee, who is becoming an important filmmaker, trusts the audience to do as Cheryl did and find the right path to follow.
fresh	Witherspoon admirably captures Cheryl's volatile mix of naivety and stubbornness, vulnerability and resilience.
rotten	I've always believed Nick Hornby books make for better movies. Here, a Nick Hornby screenplay was probably better left as someone else's book.
fresh	While the external scenery is spectacular, it's the internal landscapes that capture and hold our attention.
fresh	A stunning central performance from Reece Witherspoon as Cheryl Strayed, who overcomes physical hardships to confront her inner demons to find her best self: the woman her mother thought she was
fresh	A film about someone going on a very long walk doesn't sound especially dramatic but Nick Hornby's screenplay (adapted from Strayed's book) brings out Cheryl's yearning as well as the epic quality of her mini-Odyssey.
rotten	It is certainly Witherspoon's best performance since Line... But her performance can't deliver the emotional punch the film requires
fresh	Vallee avoids clumsiness in exploring that internal landscape and Witherspoon, too, gives a delicate, sensitive and gutsy performance...
fresh	This is a true story of human endurance but also a poignant tale of a woman desperately seeking to conquer her demons and cleanse her spirit.
rotten	It's not a particularly interesting journey - although the scenery is terrific - and the movie's flow is constantly interrupted by some jarring flashbacks, with Laura Dern playing the hiker's mother.
fresh	In a career that has seen its ups and downs, it's good to see Witherspoon making a bold step in the right direction.
fresh	It's not Witherspoon's personal masterpiece: that is still her high-school careerist in Election (1999). But it's still good.
fresh	A quietly moving coming of age story that resists formula or easy redemption, driven by a strong, unvarnished performance from Witherspoon, who deserves huge credit as both star and producer.
rotten	Obvious Oscar-bait is just that. Way too obvious.
fresh	Driven by a committed turn from Witherspoon, Jean-Marc Vallee confirms himself as the go-to director for triumph-over-adversity character studies.
fresh	Reese Witherspoon gives a beautifully stripped-back performance in this epic journey based on the memoir by Cheryl Strayed.
fresh	Wild is at its most interesting when it delves into Stayed's past and explores her relationship with her mother and ex-husband.
fresh	An honest and insightful work.
fresh	Winsome Witherspoon impresses with a quiet, physical performance. But the real, extreme Cheryl seems to have got lost in the wilderness.
fresh	Wild is Reese Witherspoon's finest accomplishment as an actress.
rotten	...one of the most boring well-made movies to come around in some time.
fresh	The trick, of course, is to keep it compelling nonetheless, and this is where Witherspoon, whose face is a captivating amalgamation of emotional depths, absolutely shines.
fresh	An engrossing, moving and/or well-structured movie, made in a manner that evokes every ounce of sympathy for its heroine in her passion and her thirst for absolution.
fresh	Witherspoon is very good, not just deglamorized but immersed, and Laura Dern is every bit her equal as Strayed's mother.
fresh	The tangles Cheryl embraces and the movie makes visible, in its layering of time and image, experience and anticipation, are lasting.
fresh	The humour in this film is gently underplayed so not everyone will get it, but it's more endearing as a result.
rotten	There's neither cinematic majesty to the vistas (and I saw the movie on a very big screen and sat very close to it) nor intimacy to the ground that Strayed treads.
fresh	While one can plainly see why an actor/producer of Reese Witherspoon's stature would snatch this story up and cast herself in the lead role, the plain truth is that she also delivers some of the best work of her career in Wild.
fresh	Witherspoon does really uncompromising work here, playing Cheryl without any hesitancy or any fear or any ego.
fresh	Witherspoon fully commits to Cheryl's pitiable ways and degrading herself to play them, stripped bare physically and emotionally. The Oscar winner has never been better.
fresh	If nothing else, Wild offers a first-rate advertisement for the purifying abilities of the great outdoors.
fresh	Here's some good news for Oregonians: Wild gets our state right, and it does so without a single artisanal letterpress studio or gluten-free doughnut shop. It's also a rich and affecting piece of filmmaking, independent of any book.
fresh	Wild is a movie that I'll find hard to forget because of its powerful imagery and how it works on the senses.
fresh	Strayed is clear-eyed about her responsibility for her life's unraveling and realistic about what the trail can do. As Witherspoon plays her, she is foul-mouthed and tender, broken and strong.
fresh	Wild doesn't aim for high inspiration or fussy performances, and it benefits from staying honest and rich, instead of going for big speeches and bigger set pieces.
fresh	Witherspoon finds both a mature centeredness and a zen-like openness -- it's been a long time since we've seen her this fluidly expressive, this connected to good material.
fresh	The thoughtfully rugged Wild is the perfect awards vehicle for the resurgent Reese Witherspoon.
fresh	[Witherspoon is] entirely credible as the worn-down Strayed, and the performance grows even more impressive as Vallee lets us learn where this person's been and where she sees herself going.
fresh	Wild is a movie of living nature, with Witherspoon in the center, showing the most life of all.
fresh	It is another survival story, after all, but an affectingly delicate one.
fresh	Witherspoon et al have done justice to Strayed's story.
fresh	Happily, Wild is scrappy, impressive movie with trippy visuals, a respect for the transformative power of nature, a powerful strong central performance and a deep well of pain.
fresh	What makes Wild worthwhile is the way it draws a parallel between the physical and emotional journeys Cheryl forces herself to undertake.
rotten	The adaptation of Cheryl Strayed's memoir Wild is more than just a two-hour Best Actress audition for Reese Witherspoon, but it's also definitely that.
fresh	Such a monologue of a film depends entirely on the one main actor being pretty much irresistible, however trying her character's frailties. Reese Witherspoon is great in the part.
fresh	The story is terrific, and Witherspoon embodies it with vigor and gritty commitmen.
fresh	[Witherspoon's performance is] a compelling, and fully lived-in, piece of work.
fresh	Witherspoon, though never quite shedding her movie-star quality, is charismatic and believable. Whether quoting Emily Dickinson, climbing breathtaking cliffs, swearing at a rock, or craving potato chips, she inspires us to go the distance with her.
rotten	[The film leads] to a finale that's meant to be uplifting but instead comes off as smug.
fresh	Like its setting, the film has some peaks and valleys, but finds rewards in its patience and perseverance.
fresh	One cannot help but wonder whether Wild, a difficult, challenging film about a woman struggling to make amends, serves its star as both personal and professional penance.
fresh	screenwriter Nick Hornby understands aimless characters, and his script is a skillful balancing act. It undercuts an overly serious tone whenever possible and layers in a poignancy that rarely seems forced.
fresh	This is a fine performance by Witherspoon, further stretching her range as an actress. The spectacular scenery along the trail also provides a chance for cinematographer Yves Belanger to showcase his talents.
rotten	"Wild" stumbles when it becomes too focused on the destination, whether that's the Oregon trailhead or the Oscar night red carpet.
fresh	"Wild" is a sharp and smartly directed film
fresh	Beautifully directed and acted, the immersive, moving "Wild" is an exceptional redemption movie.
rotten	A sloggy, New Age-y variant on 'Eat Pray Love' ... Instead of survival tips, we get a feature-length selfie ... Belongs in the self-help bin at Barnes & Noble
fresh	Wild is Cheryl Strayed's trip of self-discovery. It is getting an Oscar buzz for Reese Witherspoon. She's good but Laura Dern's work as Strayed's mom is much more deserving.
fresh	I hope this the start of a long, good run of quality films for Witherspoon.
fresh	Wild is far more than just Oscar bait for an A-list star. Based on Cheryl Strayed's memoir, it's a galvanizing human-interest story of the highest order, centering on a woman who immediately emerges as one of the cinematic year's most complex individuals.
fresh	Wild is about the profound power of nature to provide space to reset yourself.
fresh	It's as honest and affecting a film as I've seen this year, and Witherspoon delivers her finest performance to date.
fresh	The powerful drama stars Reese Witherspoon in her strongest performance since her Oscar-winning turn as June Carter Cash in 2005's Walk the Line.
fresh	This is an all-too-rare woman's story, and while Vallee jokingly inserts the word "feminist" in a lighthearted scene, halfway through, he also doesn't shy away from the realities of being female.
fresh	Wild is more than a showcase for Reese Witherspoon's performance, it's a meditative journey that is refreshingly funny, insightful, and poignant.
fresh	"Wild" earns its emotional uplift with every slow, plodding step.
fresh	With a great performance from Witherspoon and a soul-stirring, life-affirming message, this movie is a gift.
fresh	A sturdy feminist character study that should resonate with those willing to overlook its occasional narrative clunkiness.
fresh	Wild captures the quality of real-life thinking and walking, of the physical rhythm of movement sometimes dislodging random memories.
fresh	his is a movie that starts with a strong performance by Witherspoon that only gets better through the movie.
fresh	From her first hesitant step on that dusty California hillside, viewers aren't just watching Strayed's experience; they absorb the experience as if it's their own.
fresh	The film overall is tough and physical, thanks in large part to Witherspoon's convincing work as a woman scuffing calluses from her heart with each step of her blistered and bloody feet.
fresh	Wild may sound like a film about redemption, but it's more about learning to live with what you can't control - and accepting what you can control, which is sometimes just as difficult.
fresh	You needn't be a fan of Cheryl Strayed's memoir, "Wild," to think the movie version is terrific. And I'm the proof.
fresh	What do you do when your heroine is tough but emotionally hurt, bright but glib, grown but immature? Make a film about her that is both painful and uplifting.
fresh	Witherspoon, also serving as a producer, is phenomenal as Strayed - a demanding, challenging role both physically and emotionally.
fresh	The flashbacks intertwine beautifully with the present-day scenes, and Witherspoon's performance is full of vulnerability and regret.
fresh	Tending to the nuances of memory and the suffocating weight of guilt, Vallee makes Wild very real and periodically profound.
rotten	Wild chronicles the completion of a daunting physical challenge while intimating that it's about something more spiritual, more meaningful. It isn't.
fresh	A film full of spectacular landscapes of both the natural world and the human spirit. This is what it looks like when women get to be people onscreen.
fresh	A triumph for Witherspoon, Dern and director Jean-Marc Vallee.
fresh	Not since June Carter Cash in Walk the Line has Witherspoon been so present to a character. Her Cheryl is funny and messy, wounded but not without survival instincts.
fresh	Swelling orchestral cues, conveniently arrived upon epiphanies, untangled relationship issues. Good job everyone, grab a Snapple.
rotten	Strayed comes across as a real person, Witherspoon is a real actor, and the film is a real showcase. But I couldn't help wishing for more to change than the scenery.
fresh	It's a trip worth taking, not the least because you get to spend it in the character of Cheryl, played on screen by Reese Witherspoon in an unshowy but soulful turn, who is one of the year's most satisfyingly realized female characters.
fresh	Reese brilliantly bares her body, heart and soul as she brings Cheryl Strayed to life.
fresh	Reese Witherspoon gives a raw, masterful performance as a woman coming to terms with her reckless behavior and her mother's death in "Wild."
fresh	Blessed with an inherent desire to take full stock of this person, flaws and all, that's amplified by the dignity and smarts of Reese Witherspoon's work.
rotten	There's nothing particularly wild about "Wild," a forward-plodding story of redemption that follows Reese Witherspoon's determined march toward a best actress Oscar nomination.
fresh	A moving (literally and figuratively) experience, a road movie where the road is a trail that sometimes disappears into the trees, or takes a turn onto a jagged precipice.
fresh	It's a nice change-of-pace role for Witherspoon, cinema's most ruthlessly efficient and with-it blonde since "Election."
fresh	What the book communicates better than the movie is just how grueling the Pacific Coast Trail can be...But that's only a quibble. Like the book, the movie inspires wanderlust, whether the quest is for your body or your psyche.
fresh	Intense, grueling and often moving, "Wild" is quietly inspiring without trying to be, reminding us that sometimes we must rise above ourselves and be aware of when we can't see the forest for the trees.
fresh	Wild is the rare film to catch the interior life by its wriggling tail.
fresh	The movie gets much of the book and has the added benefit of scenery - lots of it, deserts and mountains and forests spreading out to the far horizons.
fresh	A terrific, powerful film about a woman navigating two wildernesses: the physical one and the emotional one.
fresh	Subliminal editing, seamless flashbacks and evocative musical cues make for a captivating trek that dances off the linear path, even as it marches doggedly ahead.
fresh	A rare on-the-road movie from a female point of view.
fresh	Maybe the lack of answers is the point. How do you save your life by hiking 1,000 miles? By putting one foot in front of the other.
fresh	A profound meditation on loss, regret, acceptance and rediscovery, Wild takes some Impressive turns.
fresh	Nick Hornby's script doesn't follow the traditional linear trail...
fresh	"Wild" for the most part works just fine, and should serve as a terrific career boost for Reese Witherspoon, who's a producer of the film as well as its star.
fresh	Witherspoon is excellent in the lead, delivering a contemplative performance and appearing comfortable with just being by herself.
fresh	An emotional, physical, psychological and spiritual tour de force for leading actress Reese Witherspoon.
fresh	Unlike its female peers, it's not about rejuvenation at some person's or culture's expense. This land isn't her land. The journey itself gets to you, but so does what it stands for. The only way out of the woods is into them.
fresh	A satisfying excursion, a secular but spiritual journey of self-discovery.
fresh	Reese Witherspoon delivers a decent enough performance to singlehandedly elevate an otherwise mediocre adventure to an entertaining one worth recommending.
fresh	Reese Witherspoon delivers a raw and real performance as a woman on a 1,000 mile journey looking to shed some baggage, both emotional and physical.
fresh	Wild attempts to show how getting back to basics can arrest the downward spiral of a life pulled out of orbit by the gravity of pernicious influences.
fresh	'Wild' is, surprisingly, a very entertaining film.
fresh	Behaviors are blunt and gently daubed at the same time. Wild is an unsentimental marvel, following few expected contrails and rejecting the "redemption" narrative right in the I. There's a wealth of kindness in each and every scene.
fresh	Vallee has taken a contemplative book where, frankly, very little happens and transformed it into a gut-punching drama.
fresh	Reese Witherspoon effectively balances flashbacks that recall her rom-com star-making roles with dark, sordid material.
fresh	Cheryl is a thoroughly realized, warts-and-all character.
fresh	Thanks to a showstopping performance by Reese Witherspoon, Wild takes audiences on a beautiful journey full of strength, independence, and the reassurance that no matter how dark life may get, there's a glowing light if you're willing to reach for it.
fresh	Emotional tale of self-discovery explores grief, addiction.
fresh	Cheryl Strayed's enormous feat should be celebrated by us all, and witnessed on film.
fresh	It's an entertaining picture with enough humor to allay the seriousness without diminishing its importance.
fresh	If Wild is an interesting trek, for both its star and its viewers, it's hardly a feral one.
fresh	We feel as if we're experiencing every step of this expedition along with Witherspoon who has, as Cheryl Strayed, seldom been better.
fresh	Witherspoon, who clearly saw the project as an opportunity to redefine her career, is refreshingly and respectably raw but hardly revelatory.
fresh	I found it to be a solid piece of work, but only rarely did it sweep me up into any of its emotional moments. (Full Content Review -- Sex, Profanity, etc. -- for Parents also available)
fresh	Witherspoon plays Cheryl - grimy and bruised and sometimes bloodied on her long trek -- without a shred of protective movie-star vanity.
fresh	With an impressive physical and emotional performance from producer Witherspoon and a heart breaking yet joyous turn from Dern, "Wild" is not only a self-reflective adventure tale but a deeply moving mother/daughter story.
fresh	For the first hour of Wild, I was wondering why I was watching the movie. For the second half of Wild, I was glad I didn't give up.
rotten	At the end of the long and winding road, between lack of dramatic heft and a character arc that's as slender as a sapling, we're left wondering just where the Wild went.
fresh	It's a movie in which you can feel the spirit of the material infusing the filmmaker both as an artist and as a human being, and what results is that thing that occurs when even the simplest of songs sends sparks to the soul.
fresh	The physical backdrop of the story is the trail, but the far more vital and vibrant one is the repetitive, unceasing terrain of Cheryl's memory.
fresh	Witherspoon gives a performance of quiet vulnerability and courage.
fresh	Everybody has to come a distance to understand Strayed, not least of which is the lady herself, who discovers the simple truth of her marathon march: "How wild it was to let it be."
fresh	Witherspoon uses her own undoubted discomfort with the physical demands of the role to make us feel Strayed's predicament in our bones.
fresh	Reese Witherspoon has an instinct for the kinds of roles that suit her and it doesn't fail her here.
fresh	Witherspoon and Vallee capture Strayed's flawed life truthfully and without equivocation...the Pacific Crest Trail is as much a character as Cheryl...fine handheld cinematography provides spectacular scenery and realistic shots of Cheryl as she's walking.
fresh	The flickers of terror that register on Witherspoon's face say almost more than any of Hornby's dialogue could about what the trail is doing to her
fresh	Ms. Witherspoon carries the whole movie. And she does so with unflagging intensity and remarkable verve ...
fresh	The story Wild cares about, and tells with admirable honesty and cinematic grace, has less to do with the out-of-doors than with the inside-of-head.
fresh	A feel-good story that avoids sentimentality.
fresh	For all of its awards-season intentions, Wild happens to be genuine, not to mention good.
fresh	In Wild, Jean-Marc Vallee's raw and noble tale of a young woman's quest for personal redemption, Witherspoon's vulnerability and charisma prove to be essential for this fact-based drama to succeed.
fresh	Wild is a simmering pot on the back burner of the viewer's mind, slowly pulling out the flavours of personal experience to create a hearty, and highly personal, rustic potage of sweet forgiveness.
fresh	Reese Witherspoon and the unconventional way Strayed's story is told goes a long way to create a far more lasting experience.
fresh	As Strayed, Reese Witherspoon is terrific in a part she should be all wrong for. It's a great turn, and it's an even better reminder of when she was one of the most exciting actors in America.
fresh	"Wild" is an accomplished movie, and often a beautiful and moving one, but the woman at its center remains warily at arm's length.
fresh	Witherspoon does the least acting of her career, and it works. Calmly yet restlessly, she brings to life Strayed's longings, her states of grief and desire and her wary optimism.
fresh	This pensive, reflective, complicated Witherspoon feels more real than the one she left behind - and more in keeping with how she started, in hard-hitting independent movies 20 years ago.
fresh	"Wild" meanders a bit, in its trips from present to past and back, but Witherspoon remains the constant, doing what sounds simple enough but proves so difficult: soldiering on.
fresh	A must-see movie, a gorgeous and inspiring film that showcases Reese Witherspoon at her Oscar-worthy best
fresh	Witherspoon is terrific - low-key and gritty as a woman who's lost her way and seeks to find it alone. Her voice-over narration is evocative, sometimes heartbreaking.
fresh	Honest, aching and finally uplifting, "Wild" is a human story worth telling.
fresh	An exceptional visual version of what could have been largely an interior journey...manages to tell a tale as large and daunting as the great outdoors.
fresh	This year's superior movie about a young woman going on a very long walk.
fresh	In general, Wild's ratio of dramatic incident ... to "just existing in nature" is nicely judged.
fresh	"Wild" is ultimately unique for its twist, even if it comes by an unfortunately intrusive narration.
fresh	Reese Witherspoon's adaptation of Cheryl Strayed's autobiography has all the right stuff. So how come I wasn't a puddle when it was over?
fresh	"Wild" is a moving, engaging and deeply sincere story, set against some of the most magnificent scenery on the planet, and most of Strayed's fans should be reasonably content.
fresh	It sounds Hallmarky, but, as played by Witherspoon and sprightfully directed by Jean-Marc Vallee, 'Wild' comes off tough, rough and funny.
fresh	With the help of a scrappy script by Nick Hornby that allows bursts of humor to break through the darkness, Witherspoon cuts to the bruised core of Cheryl's heart, rattling between desperation and determination.
rotten	It'll take more than a Bob Marley T-shirt to sell us on the authenticity of this particular hiker, epiphany-bound though she may be.
fresh	Fueled by the centrifugal force of Ms. Witherspoon's dynamic, award-worthy centerpiece performance, it's one of the year's most galvanizing cinematic experiences.
fresh	Although inspirational and thought-provoking, 'Wild' is gruellng to watch. But powerful performances by Reese Witherspoon and Laura Dern won me over completely.
fresh	Tackling the physically demanding role, and putting vanity and comfort aside, [Reese] Witherspoon delivers a performance that should have her back in the Oscar spotlight.
fresh	Even when "Wild" occasionally stumbles, it gets back on track with relative ease.
fresh	Witherspoon's edginess makes her easy-and fun-to read; her face registers every bump on the path.
fresh	Though there are occasional stumbles along the 1,100-mile hike, the peaks in "Wild" make the journey more than worth it.
fresh	At its best, though, Wild lets you into her interior, sometimes spectral world, offering a nonlinear roadmap of her life. It's as though David Lynch made a narrative film by way of Gloria Steinem.
fresh	In less sensitive hands, Wild could have easily wound up being an Oprah's Book Club episode writ large, but Hornby, Vallee, Witherspoon and Dern lead the charge in taking the material to a higher elevation.
fresh	It could have been "Eat, hike, love." But Reese lifts it above that.
fresh	For the time being, Witherspoon - sometimes a wonderful actress and sometimes a maddening one - has found herself.
fresh	What makes its heroine worth caring about - what makes her a rare and exciting presence in present-day American film - is not that she's tidy or sensible or even especially nice. It's that she's free.
fresh	It's a fine film, made with poetry and intelligence.
rotten	Director Jean-Marc Vallee has created a film out of Cheryl Strayed's beloved 2012 memoir that never quite matches the blunt audacity of its simple title.
fresh	Wild doesn't trek over new ground, but its stream-of-consciousness narrative style and an Oscar-worthy turn from Reese Witherspoon make it worth a look.
fresh	A biopic that is both visually engaging and emotionally compelling. But it's hard to shake the feeling of careful ambition that keeps everything moving forward so neatly.
rotten	[VIDEO ESSAY] "Wild" is an unsatisfying self-help drama that exposes the limitations of Reece Witherspoon's range.
fresh	Wild stands apart from the rest of the fall's biopics as a sort of autobiopic; it feels personal and intimate in a way its contemporaries do not.
fresh	Hiking across the trail, Witherspoon cries and swears and scarfs down food with her fingers and licks dew off a tent just to get water. It's a stripped-down performance on every level.
fresh	This first-rate adaptation distills the book to its essence, turning Strayed's adventures into a voyage of self-discovery that is only incidentally about the outdoors.
fresh	"Wild" is about the renewal of self, but it's a film made without sanctimony or piety.
rotten	Three-inch heels? Not for this woman, who trekked 1,000 humorless miles.
fresh	A captivating, soul-searching, personal redemption adventure picture.
fresh	An arduous, compassionate, stream-of-consciousness journey of self-discovery...
fresh	Wild is more than just Reese Witherspoon's strong lead performance, and it's good enough to stand tall even absent its role in the Oscar race.
fresh	Engrossing story of two parts may be Witherspoon's best role yet
fresh	A soul-stretching movie about surviving in the wilderness, a solid mother and daughter relationship, and bringing out the best in yourself.
fresh	Bristles with emotional resonance and enlightenment.
fresh	Witherspoon ably assumes the role of a woman who has veered from the path of righteousness to become a wreck who must lose herself in the wilderness to find her way back
fresh	Like "Eat Pray Love," minus the abject loathsomeness. Standout work by Witherspoon, though
fresh	Witherspoon's more serious talent, last seen in Walk The Line (2005) has finally returned ... her first real contender for critical acclaim.
fresh	Reese Witherspoon pulls on a pair of ill-fitting hiking boots and stomps straight into the Oscar race with a raw, wrenching performance as the writer Cheryl Strayed in this journey back from the brink.
fresh	Wild is a powerfully moving portrayal of a woman's physical and emotional journey that serves as a perfect companion piece to the likes of Into the Wild and Tracks.
fresh	Wild is a clear-eyed and authentic portrait of a flawed person grappling with an incomprehensible loss.
fresh	Jean-Marc Valle knows how to draw out raw, transformative performances from his actors, a skill needed in the transformation of "America's sweetheart" Reese Witherspoon into a wreck of a woman finding redemption, and do so without any pretense.
fresh	Once again, Vallee has taken an obvious awards movie that shouldn't be very good and made it mostly okay. It's the kind of movie that makes me want to say "good job," but also "why?"
fresh	For the most part, though, what we understand about Cheryl is communicated with great care, in a dreamy, frequently witty layering of sound and images, past and present that lingers well beyond the film's stirring final moments.
fresh	I'm not wild about Wild, but it's fair to say that it's a decent film, well shot and performed, with an interesting structure that provides emotional and narrative complexity.
fresh	This is a more-than-obvious bid on Witherspoon's part for a second Oscar, and if one can accept the extreme calculation at play here it's not necessarily a bad thing.
fresh	Warm and uplifting, but with an edge. Reese Witherspoon has never been better.
fresh	Reese Witherspoon delivers her best performance since she won the Best Actress Oscar for 'Walk the Line' a decade ago.
fresh	What Witherspoon does with expression and not a lot of dialogue is so good, you wish that there weren't flashbacks or voiceover and they'd just trust her to tell the whole story.
fresh	It's an entrancingly lush visual experience, but one which also captures something of the loneliness, the fatigue, and the bleary, squinting alienation that travel can inflict.
fresh	The premise sounds corny, but Vallee, in collaboration with screenwriter Nick Hornby, gives the film its energy by pulling the narrative apart.
fresh	Vallee has crafted a vivid wilderness adventure film that is also a powerful story of family anguish and survival.
fresh	In a time when the desire for 'strong' female characters on-screen can often create perfect-but-plain parts for actresses to play, seeing a complicated female character on-screen here is even better.
fresh	Witherspoon gives an unvarnished, all-in performance, free of vanity and entirely devoted to telling Strayed's grueling, triumphant story.
rotten	"Wild" never really earns its hard-fought struggle for redemption and personal reinvention.
rotten	Unremarkable films propped up by exceptional lead performances are as much a certainty of the autumnal season as yellow leaves and pumpkin patches.
rotten	Witherspoon's Wild is tame enough to maybe actually give her a second act to her career.
fresh	A ruggedly beautiful and emotionally resonant saga of perseverance and self-discovery that represents a fine addition to the recent bumper crop of bigscreen survival stories.
rotten	Annie has a fun, fizzing feel-good factor but, unfortunately, little in the way of lasting resonance.
rotten	Despite an authentically enthusiastic performance by Oscar nominee Quvenzhane Wallis, "Annie" sinks and sinks hard with the sounding of more than a few false notes.
rotten	The cast generates some laughs, and the leading lady is adorable, but the musical sequences range from clunky to painful. And there are lots of them.
fresh	The songs are ten times better than the ones in Into the Woods,
fresh	As much as we fear remakes of classic films there are, on occasion, heartening examples where it's done right. Here we have a nicely updated, jazzed-up version of the unfairly maligned 1982 John Huston musical.
rotten	Quvenzhane Wallis is irrepressibly cute ... but almost everything going on around her is irredeemably crass.
rotten	The song selection and its presentation seems out of his control.
rotten	The filmmakers only thought about how to make it current, and not about how to make it better.
rotten	Though the old numbers are here, they're staged in an off-hand manner that lacks the excitement of John Huston's original.
rotten	Annie is easily one of the worst movies of the year. It's dull, offensive, poorly acted, and dreadfully choreographed.
fresh	Wallis is up to the task, radiating charm without pushing it. Beasts wasn't a fluke; the camera loves this kid.
fresh	Annie is not the awful film it's been painted as. In fact, it has much in its favor.
rotten	Musicals are made to enchant and help us sing the blues away...and for that, I'd recommend the original "Annie". You're only a day away...
rotten	Another unoriginal Hollywood remake that no one really asked for. The music holds up, and it's a testament to those songs that they can withstand this misfire of a film.
rotten	A flattened, bowdlerised project that has passed through too many hands
rotten	It's clear that those behind this Annie remake wanted to achieve: A progressive new take on an old standard, just in time for families to enjoy during Christmas holidays. If only Smith, Jay-Z and Gluck could have focused more on delivering a good film.
rotten	Are you a little girl, aged between six and ten?... Have you learnt every song from Frozen and are you ready to torment your parents with a whole new repertoire?... congratulations, you are part of the ridiculously specific target audience for [Annie].
rotten	It's not an utter disaster. How could it be given Quvenzhane Wallis's unfettered joy and easy rapport with Jamie Foxx and Rose Byrne? But she's the only thing in a reimagined "Annie" that treats rather than tricks as it strains to manufacture whimsy.
rotten	A good idea for an update, but the result is too wobbly to stand on its own
rotten	... an ill-conceived update of the fairy-tale musical about a precocious orphan girl into the social-media age.
rotten	Two of my favorite people in Hollywood working together on an exciting reimagining of one of my favorite musicals -- what could go wrong? Sadly, too much.
rotten	Even Sandy the dog looks like he's had enough.
rotten	It's a hard-knock life for cinemagoers who make the mistake of going to see this new version of Annie hoping for some of the Broadway pizzazz of the original.
fresh	The vigorous display of good feelings and comforting resolutions has an unusually effervescent sincerity, even if the rags-to-riches wish-fulfillment leaps over all the hard knocks.
fresh	This latest "Annie" could have been told more efficiently, and with more depth, but with Wallis and Foxx leading the cast, it's an engaging enough, if not memorable, remake.
rotten	The 1977 Broadway hit has suffered an overblown 1982 adaptation, a sickly 1999 TV movie and a terrible stage sequel. But the worst hadn't happened to it until this awkwardly updated, misconceived and sloppy remake.
rotten	There you have it, kids: all you need is love. Although loads of money and a good wi-fi signal definitely help.
rotten	There's not much delight to be had in an orphan's bedazzlement by this corporate paradise - besides, is gaining material wealth all the story has to offer?
rotten	You can "betcha bottom dollaaar" that this the most pointless remake of the year.
rotten	Take out Quvenzhane Wallis, and it instantaneously becomes one of the most hateful, ill-made studio pictures of the year
rotten	Leapin' lizards, was this a bad idea.
rotten	The blame falls squarely on Gluck, who appears to have never seen a musical film in his life, shoots dance numbers with staid limpidity and zero sense of rhythm, and edits them in a way so as all the performers are barely visible.
fresh	This refreshing take on events feels lost in a movie that feels so outdated, as obsolete as the much-loved 1982 original.
rotten	A teeter-totter between O.K. and Meh.
fresh	When it comes to family movies and musicals, you certainly could do better than this new "Annie." Maybe it's the Christmas spirit talking, but you could do worse, too.
rotten	Foxx and Company Flounder in Bland "Annie."
rotten	This remake updates the musical to include hip-hop stylings, Twitter updates and YouTube references, but any charm has been left behind in John Huston's 1982 film.
rotten	Wallis keeps things watchable, exuding real screen presence. However, even with talented singer Foxx onboard, there isn't a single memorable rendition of the familiar tunes, and 'Tomorrow' hangs around like a kitchen odour.
rotten	Feels too calculated to appeal to a new generation of young audiences, with big bassy beats, Instagram references, and liberal applications of auto-tune scraping the soul out of the musical.
fresh	A 21st Century variation on the age-old theme where an insufferable 1%-er finally gets in touch with his sensitive side with the help of an irresistible ragamuffin representing the downtrodden rest of humanity.
fresh	Wallis here retains all the unaffected charm that she showcased in Beasts, skipping nimbly between comedy, pathos and show-stopping song and dance, lending credible heart and soul to a production that so often fails to find its feet.
rotten	Wallis is the only one among the cast to bring some real energy to the screen...
fresh	This Annie wouldn't survive on 'American Idol' or 'Dancing with the Stars.' She's a charmer all the same.
rotten	... it's cut like someone was angry at the footage and shot like someone's allergic to seeing a dancer's feet.
fresh	The film is frequently awkward, suffers from some pedestrian choreography and wears its heart perhaps a bit too openly on its sleeve. But it's also charming, well-acted... and, most surprisingly, quite funny.
fresh	Quvenzhane Wallis has a thousand-watt personality and is the main reason kids (and families) will find this Annie appealing.
rotten	Annie lands in an uninventive middle ground - it isn't necessary (or an improvement) but it isn't a total disaster either.
fresh	It's ultimately hard to resist a family-friendly film that's this confident and energetic -- and genuinely funny -- without ever pandering.
fresh	This new Annie maintains the sweetness of the original material while making it fresh and new. It makes "Tomorrow" feel like today.
fresh	The movie gets messier as it goes, but the actors are peppy and a sense of goodwill pervades.
rotten	It was a bold choice to fill a role made famous by Carol Burnett with someone who isn't funny.
fresh	Update of classic musical is cute but a bit hokey.
fresh	The transition from the familiar 1930s Annie to 2014's Annie isn't always graceful, but it is often fun, in a flashy, chaotic sort of way.
rotten	Did I really just watch Foxx and Wallis do an entire musical number set inside a moving helicopter? I did, and I've never felt more embarrassed for two actors, mostly because Foxx seems embarrassed for himself.
rotten	Considering this musical has its roots in Depression-era American, Gluck's contemporary take on the material is eerily lacking in observations about the rich/poor divide in this country.
rotten	A solid cast bodes well for this unnecessary remake of the 1982 movie (based on the 1970s musical), but the filmmakers' decision to turn the catchy songs into bland pop numbers is the real mistake.
fresh	We get the Annie we deserve. This one is sweet, funny and soulless. Kids will love it.
rotten	In all the ways that matter it's a missed opportunity to take a flawed musical and transform it into a powerful new myth with a particular African-American slant.
fresh	Despite any reservations about the music, it is a charming, lovely little movie.
fresh	"Annie" is very, very light on its feet, very frothy, and always unselfconsciously, at times provocatively kind-hearted, determined to melt grumpy hearts like marshmallows.
rotten	So crassly calculated to be contextually and culturally relevant to today's youth, it seems as if it was written by an algorithm.
rotten	This Annie isn't a movie; it's a series of bits and blobs and smiles and sights, designed to be viewed in GIF form on a Tumblr page that recounts its highlights.
fresh	While the Depression-era angst of the original is gone it's replaced by attitude and heart.
rotten	It's the unevenness of the film that kept pulling me out. (Full Content Review -- Sex, Profanity, etc. -- for Parents also available)
rotten	Even the show-stopper "Tomorrow" comes off as half-hearted and obligatory.
fresh	Gluck's whipped up a cute, frothy concoction for family holiday viewing. In one of the few new songs written for this second screen version, 'Opportunity,' Wallis proves more than capable of carrying a tune.
rotten	It's not the worst musical of the year.
rotten	Engaging characters, infectious melodies, suspense, drama and dance extravaganzas appeal to children of all eras. If only the powers that be behind the new Annie movie had kept this basic truth in mind.
fresh	How rad and cool is the new "Annie"? Enough to hold the rapt attention of young tykes for two hours, while keeping their parental guardians "fully dressed" with smiles for almost as long.
fresh	Quvenzhane Wallis, the Oscar-nominated star of the trippy bayou indie Beasts of the Southern Wild, simply has to skip into a room - and into the frame - to light things up.
fresh	A splendid entertainment, full of heart and toe-tapping bliss without becoming goopy and cloying. The soul of who Annie is and what "Annie" has always been is still very much in abundance.
rotten	These are good catchy songs, and really one should emerge from any production of Annie humming at least one of them. But I came out hoping not to hear any of them again for quite a long time.
rotten	Leapin' lizards! The evergreen Broadway musical "Annie'' strays far from its Depression-era roots with truly dismaying results in this crass, charmless, tineared and lead-footed update.
rotten	There's a special place in hell for the perpetrators of Annie, not so much for the unconventional casting as for the shamelessly misleading advertising campaign...
fresh	As for the gloopy sentimentality, that has always been an essential part of Annie's DNA. You couldn't make a film about her without it.
rotten	The only saving grace is Foxx, who handles both the small moments and big musical numbers with ease. It's too bad he's surrounded by supporting cast members that dance like they are wearing lead shoes and sing with all the passion of a wet sponge.
rotten	A jumbled mess.
rotten	Most of its successes and shortcomings are primarily the result of the movie's own design, and there's something admirable about that.
rotten	A movie that coasts on a disturbing greed-is-good vibe. And one that looks strangely cheap doing it.
rotten	By the end, the movie resembles just another formulaic, family-friendly piece of product, one the kids will enjoy and you'll endure as it goes in the DVD player for the 40th time.
fresh	There is a nice energy in the opening scenes as Annie navigates the city, passing street performers riffing on the well-known score.
rotten	Banal, shallow and markedly cynical.
rotten	A cloying, superficial debacle...
rotten	Mashed-up, hip-hop songs, miscast performers, and a production that sinks far more than than it soars.
rotten	Where to begin in describing the awfulness of "Annie"?
rotten	Hard to believe the sun will come out tomorrow for the new "Annie."
rotten	Most remakes are unnecessary but Annie is a bigger offender than many.
rotten	Phenom Quvenzhane Wallis proves her Oscar nomination for Beasts of the Southern Wild was no fluke. As a modern-day Annie, Wallis shines with her sweet portrayal. However, her performance alone can't save the film from being a dim adaptation.
rotten	Most of the cast can't sing or dance, and Gluck, who co-wrote the screenplay, has no clue why this story has endured.
rotten	Gluck's remake isn't the train wreck that the first trailer portended. A train wreck would be more interesting. Annie is more like a placid drive through flatland, with the occasional cow spotting to break up the scenery.
rotten	The cast would have been better served by a middle school production overseen by a creatively frustrated, inappropriately ambitious drama teacher than by this hacky, borderline-incompetent production ...
fresh	There's a surprising amount of bite: the filmmakers openly acknowledge the similarities between the Great Depression and the present, and the populist message, however overstated, always registers as sincere.
fresh	"Annie" isn't great, but at least it's trying something different. For a movie clearly aimed at the preteen set, it offers a passable diversion. Albeit a rather materialistic one.
rotten	Why would a mediocre musical like Annie get another shot?...lackluster...until (it) closes with a smashing reprise of "Tomorrow" by the full cast under the closing credits, which is too little too late.
rotten	One song is performed by Annie and Stacks while they are strapped into seats in a helicopter, not a promising scenario for those who remember when even the most routine movie musicals were vehicles for choreography, athleticism and physical expression.
rotten	The new Annie is jam-packed with Glee-style choreography and greed-is-good luxury. Like its predecessors, it's a fantasy. But unlike them, it's not so much heartwarming as warmed-over.
rotten	There's still a good film to be made of "Annie," but it'll take Broadway veterans, not box-office stars, to pull it off.
fresh	"Annie" is not a great movie musical - but it's a fun time at the movies.
rotten	If any awards show adds a category for Most C+C Music Factory Jokes, Annie has it in the bag.
rotten	Parents with fond memories of the original may need to grin and bear.
rotten	It falls ignominiously on its fat one. The Sony hackers, the so-called Guardians of Peace, have leaked the new Annie online so everyone can have free access. It's their cruelest trick to date.
rotten	Wallis is adorable, but there's little magic in the new music or the barely-there choreography. A missed opportunity.
rotten	"Annie" is a shiny little pebble with nothing close to a surprise in it, set in a New York that would cause Martin Scorsese to burst into flame if he walked into it. And young kids just might like it.
rotten	Ultimately, "Annie" is so fixated on being current that it will never be more than a passing fancy.
rotten	The second most embarrassing thing Sony did this week.
fresh	Musical purists should stay away, but little girls should have fun here, and the movie's full of goofball touches that help pass the time for the grown-ups bringing them.
rotten	The overall vibe of this folly is curdled and utterly blase; it's a 118-minute foregone conclusion, finesse-free and perilously low on the simple performance pleasures we look for in any musical, of any period.
rotten	Co-producers Will Smith and Jay Z shook up the classic 1982 movie-musical and turned it into a slick, out-of-tune miss that's desperately aching to be hip.
rotten	Any scene without Wallis and her gang of remarkably symmetrical, well-groomed orphans feels like a chore-"Let's just get through this," the movie seems to be saying, "Then we'll show you that cute little girl and her puppy again."
rotten	Starting with insipid material once again yields insipid results.
rotten	This is an Annie for adults, only now the spin is less "Remember the social-welfare lessons of the Great Depression?" and more "Hey, rich people are nice, too."
fresh	The feel-good story and sing-along production numbers are likely to please the movie's target audience of tween girls, but there's not a whole lot in "Annie" to win their parents over.
rotten	For all the talent involved, the overall effect is surprisingly flat. Foxx appears disconnected, Byrne is wasted and a painfully hammy Diaz seems to be in another movie altogether.
rotten	Vocal treatments that have been Auto-Tuned to processed perfection are probably the main reason the music fails to truly connect. The addition of a few forgettable new tracks do not help, either.
rotten	Quvenzhane Wallis is adorable and Cameron Diaz is a hoot. But the movie is energetic yet bland, inoffensive and instantly forgettable.
rotten	This new adaptation of Annie is just too glossy and slick.
fresh	My daughter liked it just fine, and I'd imagine she's more the target audience than I am.
rotten	"Annie" has every opportunity to embrace its new setting, and present a brand new twist on the original series, but it just fails on all marks.
rotten	Aside from an unintentional homage to Zoolander that is so tone-deaf it'll make you guffaw, Annie goes out of its way to make viewing it a hard-knock life...for us.
rotten	Annie deserves credit for illustrating that old racial prejudices don't have to be preserved by new entertainments, but this remixed rendition doesn't speak to the kids of today so much as it does to their parents' wallets.
rotten	Feels cheap and lacks creativity
rotten	This movie is slathered in slush, immersed in yuckiness and positively laminated in ickiness. It's supposed to warm your cockles. It might do something entirely different to your gag reflex.
rotten	This "Annie" was supposed to be for a new generation. In the harsh light of 2014, it's never looked so dated.
fresh	Considering what an annoying cliche the original musical has become, this updating works OK.
rotten	Rough, wild and wooly, and kids are gonna love it. But, the longer it goes, the more it strays from the original musical, and the more there is for fans to dislike ... This Annie never goes to the White House. She's too enamoured with her penthouse.
rotten	Despite having its heart in the right place, Annie ultimately dissolves into a cliched mess.
fresh	A mildly entertaining and mostly painless family film that provides spark plug Quvenzhane Wallis an extended opportunity to show off her star qualities.
rotten	When music takes over, a film straining to be down has all the pizzazz of an Up with People production.
rotten	This is a bizarre family-orientated musical that requires you to wear thick rose-coloured glasses.
fresh	As sure as the sun will come out tomorrow, you'll fall in love with Annie! I couldn't stop smiling throughout this happy film that the whole family will embrace
rotten	It's going to be a hard knock holiday for the parents. Wallis aside, Annie is a noxious mess that represents family "entertainment" at its most insufferable.
rotten	2014: Annie's America makes director John Huston's elephantine, synthetically charismatic 1982 adaptation look like a Minnelliesque model of focus and concision.
rotten	The sun'll come out tomorrow, by which time this toxic mess should be forgotten.
rotten	Think you've got a hard-knock life? Try sitting through the new "Annie."
rotten	While there are several possible good reasons to remake the Depression-set musical "Annie" in 2014, none of them seem to have informed Will Gluck's overblown yet undernourished treatment.
rotten	"[A] disenchantment, even misanthropy, seeps through Will Gluck's reinterpretation of the Broadway classic."
fresh	I liked the new Annie. Some of the updates don't work, like at all, but it's still Annie and still the music, no matter how much they try to remix it.
rotten	This sickly sweet story of an orphan adopted by a billionaire, warming his heart and singing her soul out must have demanded a bit more gee-whiz personality and stagecraft than the young Wallis has in her repertoire yet.
rotten	Though always meant to be a fairy tale, this new "Annie" comes across as especially materialistic and shallow, an endless parade of high-priced trinkets and fancy clothes.
rotten	Jolie's sentimental direction is forceful rather than reflective, stiffly moving from one tribulation to another without pausing to reflect on what any of this actually means.
fresh	"Unbroken" is the film that will bring hope and inspiration not only to American audiences, but those suffering in war zones and under dictators the world over. That makes it a far more dangerous movie to oppressors than "The Interview" could ever be.
fresh	Treads over familiar waters that still inspire and despite its flaws is a solid piece of work by its fledgling director.
fresh	They say that living well is the best revenge; in Unbroken, simply surviving is.
fresh	The two big aerial sequences are particularly accomplished, thanks in no small part to the ingenious work of cinematographer Roger Deakins and a battalion of brilliant designers and practical/digital effects technicians.
fresh	Irony is not allowed, only old-fashioned bravery.
rotten	Tales of wartime valour have been done to death, and frankly Unbroken brings nothing new to the table.
rotten	Although the self-made hero Zamperini deserves every bit of the respect the movie shows him, Unbroken could have done much less noble idolatry and much more edge and insight.
fresh	Jolie directs with a screenplay from, among others, the Coen Brothers, but she fails to make Zamperini three-dimensional.
rotten	Zamperini's life, documented so capably in Hillenbrand's book, really needed more than the perfunctory treatment Jolie gives it.
fresh	... So focused on its events that it forgets to give us much in the way of characters.
fresh	To be frank, as an actress Jolie has disappointed more than she has pleased. Thus, it would be a welcome mid-life shift to see less of her work before the camera and more of her work as a serious filmmaker whose defining trait is clearly compassion.
rotten	O'Connell is such a plank of stoicism I never thought he was at risk of breaking.
fresh	It is a handsome film, bleak and dark and elegantly filmed told with a mixture of intensity and something like restraint, even distance.
fresh	It's tough to watch but also hugely inspiring.
fresh	Despite some fine performances and well-staged sequences, Zamperini's story becomes strangely dull, thanks to the length and repetitiveness of many sequences. Jolie has talent, no doubt about that, and may one day make a really outstanding film.
fresh	That Unbroken barely made a mark this awards season says a lot about what went wrong. However, that it's a film which must be seen on the big screen, says a lot about what went right as well.
rotten	Zamperini's brother offers this message: "A moment of pain is worth a lifetime of glory." In really interesting movies, the opposite is true.
fresh	Laura Hillenbrand's exceptionally detailed and superbly written book is a vast, immersive experience; Angelina Jolie's sensitive and faithful film of it (with the help of the screenplay writers) is a visceral experience
fresh	Resilience and a willingness to forgive are the moral threads of this true-life personal story that Angelina Jolie has brought to the screen in a riveting, involving and powerful film
rotten	For the wider audience, it's not pride or liberation we feel but deep artistic constraint.
fresh	An average tribute to an extraordinary man.
fresh	Unbroken isn't much that we haven't seen in sports, wartime survival and defiance movies, but never happening to the same person. Even Steven Spielberg couldn't keep it wieldy. Jolie makes it. We'll take it.
rotten	...Jolie takes dead aim at the Oscars with Unbroken, and there's something to be said for the fact that her aim is true.
rotten	The film is simply concerned with what its subject survived, as depicted in brutal, repetitive detail.
rotten	The movie has no real identity and feels like it was made by a committee.
rotten	Glossily polished to an old school Hollywood sheen in every respect, from the honey-golden cinematography to, unfortunately, a programmatic and ultimately unconvincing slathered-on sentimentality.
fresh	It's an inspirational story for sure, but the film never quite shifts into third gear even as we care about Zamperini the entire time.
rotten	A serviceable job of depicting the amazing true story of a true hero but the movie can't live up to the story it was hoping to tell.
fresh	"Unbroken" is a rousing old-fashioned yarn with numerous exciting set-pieces and an uncomplicated hero you root for all the way through. It's entertaining throughout and made with a high level of technical skill.
rotten	If a movie could have a jutting jaw and steely eyes Unbroken would be the prototype.
fresh	It turns out to be a rousing, full blooded war movie but one which also sometimes feels derivative and a little heavy handed.
rotten	The material is indisputably dramatic but it hasn't been shaped or shot with any dynamism
rotten	Jolie's direction is competent and blockbustery. But no one involved cracked the strong-willed Zamperini, making for a stodgy, life-affirming biopic.
rotten	Four Oscar-nominated screenwriters -- Joel and Ethan Coen, Richard LaGravenese and William Nicholson -- took a shot at the screenplay, which remains stubbornly bland.
fresh	A straightforward and entirely commendable story about the triumph of the human spirit, etc.
rotten	Unbroken is a fairly flawless product: epic in scope and imagery, and faultless in all matters of technique. Yet Jolie privileges reliable indicators of quality over idiosyncratic impulses toward creativity.
fresh	"Unbroken" is a stirring film --- well worth viewing on the big screen. Louie's account of hope, the will to live and redemption has been an inspiration to millions --- and Jolie has preserved his tale for us beautifully.
fresh	"Unbroken" should be seen on the big screen if only to witness the jousting in the sky, orchestrated by 11-time Oscar nominee for cinematography, Roger Deakins.
rotten	An intermittently powerful effort from Angelina Jolie
rotten	... a stirring drama that also feels like a missed opportunity, given its true-life subject.
rotten	As vivid and relatable as the races, raft, wretchedness, and redemption may have been on the page, the on screen rendering manages to suck the life and vitality from Zamperini's ordeal.
fresh	"Unbroken" is a good, solid feature. Unfortunately, the subject matter called for something bigger and grander befitting the life of this heroic figure.
rotten	The Hollywood sheen of its early scenes distances the film from connecting, while later attempts to be gritty become repetitive and ultimately deadening.
rotten	"the ultimate effect is like the rich lady who hires the high-priced decorator to furnish her house and arrange for art on the walls. It's pretty, but it's not art, and it's not even all that comfortable."
rotten	The life story of Louis Zamperini is fascinating and wide-ranging, and it shouldn't even be possible to condense it into a movie as all-around misguided as Unbroken.
fresh	Unbroken is a beautifully realised survival epic.
fresh	[Jack] O'Connell's earnest portrayal of an American hero is both heartbreaking and intense.
fresh	"Unbroken" effectively portrays Zamperini's trials and pays proper tribute to his life, but falls short by failing to provide the vicarious experience of witnessing its hero's redemption.
fresh	An honorable, historical drama who's primary flaw rests in its being released too soon after a more-compelling biopic revolving around similar subject-matter.
rotten	Overall the film is too staid and reverential in its approach to Zamperini ... to linger as an inspiring tribute to his indefatigable spirit.
fresh	Given its subject, it should have been great, but it turns out to be simply good.
rotten	the lingering impulse is to take sides and wish violence upon others. I like to think that that couldn't have been the intention.
rotten	Somehow, in searching for the most photogenic, dramatically harrowing and heroic scenes from Zamperini's life, the movie "Unbroken" gives short shrift to the most interesting parts.
fresh	Masterfully directed with a script by a who's who of Oscar nominated screenwriters, "Unbroken" is easily the most inspirational film of the year as well as one of the year's best!
rotten	Jolie's movie is only interested in the gruelling POW endurances that were arguably the least interesting part of this inspirational life story.
rotten	An epic drama about an incredible life, "Unbroken" certainly is a story about surviving incredible odds, but it's not a vehicle for inspiration or revelation.
fresh	You can't break him. You just can't. And you won't. And by the end, you won't care if he breaks, but if he feels deeply.
fresh	Broken is Inspiring, shocking, and the true story of a real hero everyone should see.
fresh	Jack O'Connell is the most exciting young actor to break out in years, and he makes this overly familiar film worth your time... if only just.
fresh	Edifying, beautifully-made, but a bit monotonous and on the nose.
rotten	Unbroken reminds us that it's not what a movie's about but how the story is told that ultimately sorts the art from the artless.
rotten	Too distant and lacks the heart to get you fully invested.
fresh	In choosing to make the POW experience the crux of the film, the preliminary material goes on far too long as we await the story proper to finally begin.
fresh	Widely but not surprisingly spurned for year-end awards, Angelina Jolie's film is long, often tedious but pretty good. I hear the book is better but what book isn't?
rotten	In a well-made, but one-note film.
rotten	Louis Zamperini's is a great story, but 'Unbroken' gives less a sense of his actual personality than if it had been about a horse.
fresh	Unbroken is a fine biopic of a remarkable American, but it needed a little more fire in its belly to truly roar.
rotten	Released in the U.S. on December 25, Unbroken is a Jolie, Jolie Christmas.
fresh	"Unbroken" stirs a moviegoer by default; it's an astounding story of human endurance that has been brought a little too safely to the screen.
fresh	Angelina Jolie takes a conventional but confident approach to directing the amazing life story of Louis Zamperini.
fresh	So convincing is O'Connell's brutal portrayal that you don't doubt for one minute that he was the wild-card son of decent Italian immigrants who settled in Torrance, California.
fresh	There are some thrilling moments but the film feels less than a sum of its parts. And that's largely down to Jolie's one-note hero.
rotten	Angelina Jolie's Unbroken should have been called "Unendurable." It's the Oscar-season equivalent of torture porn.
fresh	It is a harrowing journey, and an inspirational one. But, as director, Jolie takes far too long to tell it, particularly in such a conventional manner.
rotten	A tale of endurance, "Unbroken" takes endurance to sit through.
rotten	Louis Zamperini's life would make a great movie, if only somebody knew how to make it.
fresh	Handsome, alert and intensely focused, little-known English actor Jack O'Connell is a fine choice as Louis. And Japanese pop star Takamasa "Miyavi" Ishihara shines as "The Bird,' Louis' sadistic captor and war criminal in training.
rotten	Unbroken is a fitting title for this excruciating cinematic treatment of the flyboy's ordeal. It plays like an endless, unrelieved gauntlet of suffering, an onslaught untempered by grace or redemption.
fresh	Full of resilience, hope and joy, "Unbroken" is one of the best movies of the year.
fresh	Intense WWII biopic is inspiring but doesn't go deep enough.
fresh	Unbroken is every bit the Oscar-bait movie one would expect, but is elevated by offering viewers several different types of great drama in one tightly woven narrative.
fresh	Good when it should have been great. (Full Content Review -- Sex, Profanity, etc. -- for Parents also available)
rotten	The tale is there for the taking, but miscasting, violent repetition, and a lack of character depth make the picture feel forgettable, even during its most evocative and emotional moments.
fresh	If you can take it, "Unbroken" will lift you like the classics of adventure cinema.
rotten	It's the sort of movie that desperately wants to be taken seriously, a film that set out to be important, rather than relying on its strengths to actually be so.
rotten	What the movie ends up in desperate need of is a sense of life made real and palpable through dreadful, transporting details, not a life embalmed in hagiographic awe.
fresh	Gorgeously filmed, superbly acted, and directed with great sensitivity and compassion
rotten	A perfect storm of mediocre writing, poor directing and acting so bland, that sitting through the film's 137 minutes is its own act of survival.
fresh	If nothing else, it's certainly better than the last time a good-looking Hollywood star decided to direct a movie about WWII. But the less said about George Clooney's The Monuments Men, the better .
rotten	Jolie manages to take a remarkable story and turn it into a pretty unremarkable film.
rotten	An inspiring, though oddly unmoving, true story of American prowess, endurance and resilience.
rotten	Jolie has a knack for picking out small details, but as a director she is captivated more by the story's elemental sweep than its human components.
rotten	How could anybody make a film of Louie's story and omit his Billy Graham-inspired renaissance? Without this, Louie's story is just the story of every POW brutalized by the Japanese. What makes Louie's story unique is that he forgave.
rotten	Slow-moving, episodic and frankly over-refined.
fresh	Jolie gets the dirty/ennobling job done.
rotten	Despite its many impressive elements, "Unbroken" plays incomplete and unbalanced.
fresh	It's well-cast, it looks great ... and it certainly conveys a true story worth telling.
fresh	Jolie hasn't done a disservice to Zamperini's life, but it's hard to know what she was trying to tell. It's Zamperini's story in fact and circumstance, but somehow, he feels like an enigma.
rotten	For Jolie, it's all about the suffering, without much meaning.
fresh	As a castaway story, a historical drama and a portrait of an Olympian turned soldier, "Unbroken" is a touching and important work.
rotten	The screenplay ... is not interested in presenting Zamperini as a person, but it is clearly and deferentially impressed with its hero as an ideal.
rotten	Ultimately the lesson of Unbroken seems to be this: Louis Zamperini suffered horribly for America, so the least you can do is watch this movie about it.
fresh	Jolie presents one scene like it's from 'The Passion of the Christ.' Making Zamperini look like a saint--or more--seems like unnecessary sermonizing.
fresh	Zamperini's life story is genuinely inspirational, but the movie seems fashioned as a standard-issue profile in courage.
fresh	[Jolie] proves that a woman other than Kathryn Bigelow can direct a male-dominated military drama in a fiercely male-dominated industry.
fresh	The story is simply so incredible, and it's presented in such an interestingly old-fashioned way, that it's hard to leave the theater feeling less than inspired.
fresh	Angelina Jolie directs her second film with a surprising amount of confidence considering the scale of this war epic. But there are some novice mistakes.
fresh	One of the finest achievements of the 2014 film year.
rotten	Angelina Jolie may not have brought a whole lot of artistry to the remarkable life story of Olympian and World War 2 hero Louie Zamperini, but she sure does know how to let that story capture us up in its own true power.
fresh	A big film with a big heart, Unbroken is a deeply moving masterclass on resilience, self-belief, and fighting rebel spirit.
rotten	Unbroken ends up telling only a fraction of Louis Zamperini's remarkable life story. By focusing on the most extreme parts of it, he becomes a symbol rather than a three-dimensional person.
rotten	Unbroken is exactly the movie you expect to see -- which is a shame, because Zamperini's account is so incredible.
fresh	Unbroken may be as imperfect as it is impassioned, but it also precisely knows what story it wants to tell you, and how.
rotten	A paint by numbers retelling of a fantastic story that pulls at the heartstrings with cliche rather than true emotion.
rotten	Jolie and her star Jack O'Connell, so vibrant in this year's "Starred Up," never get us into Louis's head, instead offering up repeated motivational catch phrases.
fresh	Jolie smartly does not overstate the film's more horrific scenes, allowing the absurdity of the brutality to speak for itself.
rotten	Put together in a handsome, jumbled and overlong package,Unbrokenlooks great but fails to have the impact Zamperini's feats deserve.
rotten	Readers will be sorely disappointed by how shrunken Zamperini's experiences seem...feels more like a Hollywood formula than a hero's true story.
rotten	An honorable movie that, on paper, I should love...almost a secular Passion of the Christ...[with] little more sense of Louis' psychology or inner life than Caviezel's Jesus.
fresh	The only things missing are character and plot.
rotten	A dozen great movies could be made about the extraordinary life of Louis "Louie" Zamperini. The folly of this bland and broadly forgettable version is that it tries to be all of them.
fresh	You find yourself happy that this film exists, but wishing it were better.
fresh	"Unbroken" leaves you with enormous respect for what Zamperini endured but little emotional connection to it.
fresh	The array of strong performances do justice to a story has been floating around Hollywood for decades.
fresh	The array of strong performances do justice to a story has been floating around Hollywood for decades.
rotten	Never makes the emotional connection needed to turn its protagonist from a hero into a human being.
rotten	The bigger problem is that neither Jolie nor the script bothers to flesh Louis out as a fully formed person with faults and fears and regrets, which keeps the film from ever capturing you emotionally.
fresh	With stand-out performances from O'Connell, as well as Ishihara, there is certainly enough to warrant a recommendation.
rotten	More a series of similar events than a story, and lacks an underlying message except that torture hurts.
rotten	O'Connell is strong in the role, but since his character is often left to suffer alone, there's only so much he can do to connect with an audience.
rotten	A beautifully shot, well-acted, and worthy-to-a-fault Second World War survivor story that only intermittently achieves the kind of emotional impact for which it aims.
fresh	Angelina Jolie shuts up the naysayers and flashes colossal promise with Unbroken.
fresh	A difficult drama to endure. ... But those who choose to take this trip with Jolie will be rewarded by a handsome, harrowing Hollywood tribute.
fresh	Angelina Jolie brings verisimilitude as well as the courage of her convictions to her work as a filmmaker.
fresh	Well-crafted and compelling, but director Angelina Jolie's best contribution was casting the unknown Miyavi in a pivotal role.
rotten	"Unbroken" makes for a grueling experience, which is not quite the same as a memorable one.
fresh	The truest testament to the film's strength is the degree to which it all but achieves greatness.
fresh	Jolie has made a grand, solid movie of the Zamperini story, but O'Connell is the part of Unbroken that was truly worth the wait.
rotten	The movie gives us the first two acts and glosses over the third, reducing the most noteworthy component of Zamperini's story to an end credits footnote.
rotten	A good 45 minutes of the movie consists of showing Louis getting beaten up, then healing; getting beaten up, then healing, over and over.
rotten	I had hoped to eke 800 words out of a review of Angelina Jolie's second feature as a director if only for the potential headline, "Inglorious Alabaster: 'White Elephant Art' And Unbroken." But that way lies invective.
rotten	Though Jolie is shooting for Christ-like passion and redemption, she only ends up slathering one man's very real, very morbid struggles in the usual reductive "greatest generation" sentiment.
fresh	There are three movies in Angelina Jolie's 'Unbroken,' and you're bound to like at least one of them.
fresh	This passion project for Angelina Jolie shines with her abiding love for Louis Zamperini and his courage under fire. In honoring Louis' endurance, she does herself proud.
rotten	At least one can give the film points for consistency as this humdrum sentimentality certainly extends to the music with an appalling, pandering original credits song by Coldplay.
fresh	A triumphant, heartwrenching movie that is perfect for the holiday season.
rotten	Jolie has clearly demonstrated she has the chops to shoot a good movie; her next challenge is to make a personal one.
fresh	A film that amazes, entertains, and inspires admiration, even when it's not perfect.
rotten	Movies like Unbroken don't work if you lose sight of what makes them unique.
rotten	Fire Missing in Jolie's "Unbroken."
fresh	There's a lot to like about the movie. Its presentation is straightforward, chronicling Zamperini's amazing tale without flinching.
rotten	Jolie is more fixated on gore than grace. In making us feel every crushing blow - the better to burnish her reputation as a serious director - we're shortchanged on the beauty of Zamperini's story
fresh	This great, tough-skinned movie can stand with the muscular action dramas that are a crucial part of American movie canon.
fresh	Though O'Connell's vulnerable lead performance is terrific, Unbroken's unrestrained hero worship undermines the story.
fresh	I liked the way that Louis is played in this movie. He is a hero, but not totally defiant, and not always strong. He has his weaknesses, and that makes him more believable. The acting is excellent in the film.
fresh	Jolie is working in broad strokes, which isn't a sin. There are worse inspirations than the majesty and imperilled masculinity of David Lean.
rotten	The problem is that Jolie cannot bring herself to be selective, instead cramming all of these incidents into one movie. The result is a picture that never hits its stride.
rotten	Louis Zamperini had one hell of a life -- so momentous, in fact, that it would make a great movie. Turns out, that ends up being part of the problem.
fresh	Angelina Jolie shows a steady directoral hand in her second trip behind the camera, with a glossy and well-acted -- if conventionally told -- WWII saga.
fresh	A rollicking adventure about the indefatigability of the human spirit that falls some way short of its cinematic inspiration David Lean.
rotten	Just in time for the holidays, UNBROKEN is akin to 'The 12 Days of Christmas" ... unbearably repetitive.
rotten	Unbroken is a biopic that comes off as very standard and flat, bringing with it very little reason for the audience to get engaged in Louis' difficult situation.
rotten	Struggles to balance the epic and the personal, but ends up in the middle, never fully committing to either.
rotten	Unbroken is safely bland and unfortunately emotionless, feeling more like a reenactment than a proper cinematic retelling of Louis Zamperini's tremendous legacy.
rotten	Zamperini's bravery and will to live gets pounded into cinematic submission in Unbroken, and it's more relief than inspiration when it finally ends.
fresh	Inspiring and triumphant survival story, celebrating the resilient power of the human spirit.
rotten	At times, downright inept.
rotten	This is "a true story", we are told at the start - these things truly happened to Zamperini, truly a remarkable man. That makes it all the worse that such extreme suffering and heroism should be so unaffecting, actually boring.
fresh	With a true story that's almost hard to believe, this inspiring biographical drama is made with attention to detail and a remarkable resistance to sentiment.
rotten	It's just like an epic version of a motivational poster from Hallmark, deploying phrases such as "You gotta take it to make it" and pedantically connecting the trials Zamperini surmounted in his youth with the nightmares he faced during war.
fresh	It's moving, admirable, and occasionally exhilarating. What it's missing is the one thing that could always be counted on with Jolie as a star: the spark of danger.
rotten	The film's chief misstep is taking its title too literally, and ultimately depicting Louie as an indestructible, and thus largely inhuman, superhero.
rotten	An interminable, redundant, unnecessary epic devoted to suffering, suffering, suffering.
fresh	It's almost cheating to start out with a story this good, because Zamperini's life is better than most Hollywood scripts.
fresh	Though viewers suffering from 'inspirational biopic' fatigue won't be energised by its conventional storytelling, the tale within is so unlikely and so empowering only the steeliest of viewers could keep from being moved.
rotten	Any filmmaker who celebrates "a triumph of the human spirit" risks falling into hagiography. And that's what happens with Jolie's Unbroken, which dramatizes Zamperini's wartime ordeals as his Stations of the Cross.
fresh	Does not create the same impact as the best-selling book, but seeing it is almost a patriotic duty.
fresh	Unbroken stars the English actor Jack O'Connell as Zamperini and his performance is raw, brave and agonising.
rotten	Jolie means well, her movie is very loyal and well intentioned, but ultimately "Unbroken" is starchy and prudish; no hairs are left out of place other than those knocked by the umpteenth bamboo strike to the temple.
fresh	Jolie's polished memorial to Zamperini's astonishing wartime valour sees O'Connell on star-making form.
rotten	Left me unmoved by what is supposedly a moving story.
rotten	Two hours of saluting even the most deserving of heroes is enough to make anyone want to check their watch.
rotten	It is the second Angelina Jolie directorial effort that I can admire even if I cannot recommend.
fresh	Jack O'Connell's performance and the fantastic work done by Jolie and her team make this a far more effective story than one might expect.
fresh	Angelina Jolie's film as a director is a gorgeously shot and hardhitting old-school war drama - but still somehow fails to get under its subject's skin.
fresh	The film boasts both sheen and efficiency without always delivering an equivalent emotional impact. It's easier to be awed or impressed by it than moved.
fresh	Unbroken looks poised to break into the Best Picture Oscar race.
rotten	The film settles into a Forrest Gumpian groove that doesn't glorify the human spirit so much as sap it.
fresh	This will be a tough film for some to take. But it also has strong appeal as an extraordinary survival story, and Laura Hillenbrand's first-rate book that inspired it has not been on the best-seller lists for four years for nothing.
rotten	Jolie doesn't vary the pace or tone much during the raft and camp sequences and while she mostly avoids POW movie cliches she doesn't find much to put in their place to explain Zamperini's fortitude.
fresh	"Unbroken" is a fascinating deconstruction of a man beaten to his core. An enlightening story, featuring star-making performances, and an abundance of masterclass filmmaking techniques.
rotten	Though high-minded and well-intentioned - as well as being conceived on an epic scale - there's something faintly stodgy and safety-first about the endeavour.
rotten	A bit embalmed in its own nobility, it's an extraordinary story told in dutiful, unexceptional terms, the passionate commitment of all involved rarely achieving gut-level impact.
none	All the movie's tension comes down to whether Zamperini can withstand Watanabe's abuse, which is probably when it's helpful to forget the title.
fresh	The film is filled with inventive and imaginative ways of telling its story... The animated bear fits perfectly in this idealized portrayal of London.
fresh	Nicole Kidman's slinky, kinky, stiletto-heeled dominatrix is a villain to die for.
fresh	Proves that great children's films don't need to be childish, you will want to cuddle 'Paddington' all the way home.
fresh	[The] ancient, well-worn form is done with such a light touch, enlivened by the absolutely terrific cast.
rotten	'Paddington' could have used more looking after.
fresh	Sweet, charming, amusing, and classy. The sort of movie kids will still love when they're old and cynical.
fresh	"Paddington" stuffed with charm.
fresh	... The word that repeatedly comes to mind is "charming."
fresh	The bear and the Brown family get a fair amount of real laughs and also manage to weave a touching story.
fresh	This delightful live-action adaptation of the series of children's books by Michael Bond has a relaxed pace that shows affection for both its title character and his audience.
fresh	If your children say they don't want to see Paddington send them to their room sans supper.
fresh	A remarkable work -- so far ahead of any live-action (well, mostly live-action) family movies that it would be disgraceful to mention it in the same breath with them.
fresh	"Paddington" is mostly live action but the little bruin is a mastery of convincing and effective CGI.
fresh	Rarely does a film come along that I simply cannot wait to see again. "Paddington" is one of those films --- so, I'm off!
fresh	"Fun for the whole family" is an overused cliche when it comes to movies. But in the case of "Paddington", there is no better description.
fresh	Paddington is absolutely, positively delightful.
fresh	Everything about this movie is fun and entertaining. It's the kind of family film that shows everyone a good time, regardless of age.
fresh	The film expertly manages to be adorable and completely enjoyable without making Paddington "edgy".
fresh	This delightful family film is the "The LEGO Movie" of 2015. It's clever, funny and beautifully distinctive.
fresh	Engaging and enchanting, it's a charming, compassionate family film.
fresh	Paddington is a wonder: warm, gentle, well-acted, funny without being stupid.
fresh	The movies can still be worth it, despite considerable evidence to the contrary. If you need proof, look no further than Paddington.
fresh	What's so magical about this setup is the perfectly British attitude: No one is fazed by Paddington's ability to speak, stand on two legs and discuss the moral consequences of one's actions.
fresh	While it's not quite as charming as it wants to be -- the climax is needlessly frantic -- it manages in its quieter moments to capture some of the author's old-fashioned whimsy.
fresh	True to the gentle humor and sweetness of the books.
fresh	Pulling off a photorealistic talking CGI bear movie is no easy task, but Paddington is warm and winning and earnestly British.
fresh	Thanks to its playfully idiosyncratic, yet thoughtful nature, Paddington maintains the innocence and charm of the Paddington character for a new generation.
fresh	With quirky British humor, inventive production design, a terrific turn from Hawkins and even an 'in-house' 5-piece Calypso band, "Paddington" makes January film-going a whole lot brighter.
fresh	A good-hearted film... as witty and clever as it is charming...
fresh	Despite its terrible trailers, the movie is a surprising delight.
fresh	Paddington...comes off as a charming character. The kind of character that children around the world have fallen in love with...But even with all the bear's charm, a plodding pace and a questionable plotline leave the film version less desirable to watch.
fresh	A respectable screen version of Michael Bond's classic children's books.
fresh	Charming story about beloved bear has some scares.
fresh	Filled with wit, adventure, comedy, and lots of heart, 'Paddington' should make most everyone who sees it feel all warm and fuzzy inside. (Full Content Review -- Sex, Profanity, Violence, etc. -- for Parents also available)
fresh	Somehow the new Paddington movie seems modern while at the same time holding firmly to its quaint, lovely ideals.
fresh	It manages to be both old-fashioned and high-tech. It remains faithful to the character's roots while also placing him firmly within a contemporary setting. It's charmingly funny and shamelessly punny.
fresh	Find yourself a small child and go - but be sure to stop for tea and biscuits after.
fresh	This is not only a dandy, playful movie about a talking bear, but one that gives pause for thought, too.
fresh	'Paddington' is an absolute delight, visually inventive, thoroughly goofy and goosed by a mix of dry British wit and pratfall shenanigans.
fresh	A charming, witty, gentle mix of live action and CGI that will delight children and parents.
fresh	"Paddington" is as pleasant and comforting as tea and a biscuit, and it takes place in a contemporary fairy-tale version of London, which glows warmly and wraps Paddington in its multicultural arms.
fresh	It also contains the most important ingredient from [Michael] Bond: a sense of humor, from the slapstick to the droll ... This film will evoke laughter, not tears.
fresh	For parents looking for a film that'll please them and their kids in equal measure, Paddington is -- as Goldilocks would say in that other bear story -- just right.
fresh	This is a charming film whose underlying message of tolerance and acceptance strikes a palpable chord in today's world -- both for children and adults.
fresh	Just about perfect, at least as a collection of sketches without any particular direction.
fresh	Artfully and cleverly, the sweet spirit of that young bear from darkest Peru and his many London misadventures materializes brilliantly on screen in the very good hands of writer-director-conjurer Paul King.
fresh	Despite the kid-gloves sensibility, "Paddington" delivers a knockout blend of fluid animation and live action.
fresh	[It] feels like victory - sweet, but with a bit of bite, much like Paddington's favorite marmalade.
fresh	Utterly beguiling and totally eccentric, Paddington is the first theatrical movie to tell the story of the beloved bear from darkest Peru.
fresh	True, a lot of marmalade gets spread around, and at times the zaniness gets a bit too slap-sticky, but it's all good clean fun.
fresh	He's a bear you care about from the first candy-colored frames of the film, which teems with delightful images in a seamless melange of live action and computer animation.
fresh	A good part of the film's charm is that, even in the face of this cynicism, Paddington remains unchanged...
fresh	A delight from start to finish.
fresh	Because of its adorable protagonist, laugh-out-loud gags and touching premise, "Paddington" succeeds in a way most CGI/live-action hybrids do not.
fresh	The surprisingly joyful Paddington is a fun and frolicking family movie that celebrates families at the same time it pumps some much-needed fresh air into the increasingly stale and saggy genre of children's movies.
fresh	There are so many terrific things going on in the film -- rapid-fire wordplay, split-second visual gags, and some veddy, veddy British punning -- that, frankly, Paddington deserves more than one viewing.
fresh	Kindness wins out in the end, naturally, but a specific and prescient form of kindness rather than the glib, one-size-fits-all brand usually seen in children's movies.
fresh	It's the right kind of big screen rarity - the good kind.
fresh	An irresistible charmbomb. The in-jokes are verbal and visual, managing to reference themes as diverse as immigration and insider trading. It's all very droll and quietly, memorably dazzling.
fresh	Such is the chipper goodwill of both Paddington and "Paddington" that you forgive the flaws.
fresh	It might even boost the market for marmalade.
fresh	"Paddington" is a mostly smart update loaded with charm, and it preserves enough of the fuzzy feelings for purists to walk away with a smile.
fresh	It's a relief to say that - as films based on fictional animals go - Paddington is better than merely bearable.
fresh	Paddington is engaging and gentle, and while it won't win any awards for originality, it manages a few laughs and a surprising amount of warmth.
fresh	In the hands of King and a well-chosen cast, the spirit of Bond's books remains intact.
fresh	An incredibly charming family flick that, if it were a toy, would come in a box marked, "Recommended for ages 3-90."
fresh	Droll and delightful...the best family movie of its kind since 'Babe.'
fresh	"Paddington" is, ultimately, about how a newcomer can become part of a family, and about how good manners and marmalade can get you out of any tricky situation - delightful messages, at any age.
fresh	A series of rough and tumble encounters with life in London guaranteed to charm and delight children from 5 to 55 that raises family fare to a new level of entertainment value.
fresh	Paddington's journey from South America to London is just droll enough for adults - qualifying as a gentle parable about xenophobia - and exuberant enough for the youngest viewers.
fresh	A gloriously whimsical big-screen debut that's closer to the madcap spirit of the Muppets and the lovingly rendered style of a Wes Anderson film than to standard multiplex family fodder.
fresh	King keeps the laughs coming without ever losing touch with the characters.
fresh	A quality family film likely to stand the test of time, "Paddington" is practically impossible to dislike.
fresh	Here's a kids movie mostly stripped of manufactured, go-nowhere plot crises!
fresh	It's a clumsy bear, this movie, but ultimately agreeable and even slightly cute.
fresh	Utterly charming, inimitably British
fresh	Paddington is a good kind of sweet, a slightly unusual sweet.
fresh	If the film seems head-and-shoulders above the average effects-driven family-matinee flick, it's because it never gives the impression that it's trying to be anything more (or less) than good-natured and fun to watch.
fresh	Paddington sets the bear -- uh, bar -- very high for any and all family films that will come out this year, but more importantly, you and your kids will love it.
fresh	In the spirit of the best Disney classics, Paddington is one for the ages and all ages.
rotten	It's the kind of film too dignified to play 'Lady Marmalade' but not dignified enough to not play 'I Got You (I Feel Good).'
fresh	One of those amazing films that perfectly blends heart and humor, with a gigantic quantity of whimsy.
fresh	The film recalls its stylistic forbears at their best: flowing with whimsy, but never at the expense of the beating heart of its human (and animal) characters.
fresh	He is described as being around three feet six. Its ideal viewers will be of similar height.
fresh	The film is a treasure, presenting a simple story about casual xenophobia as an imaginative, witty family movie about opening one's heart and making incredibly stupid bear puns.
fresh	It's a relief to report that the final film is actually quite charming, thoughtful and as cuddly as a plush toy, albeit one with a few modern gizmos thrown in.
fresh	The film's director, Paul King, has put together a cast who make a happy marriage of predictability and professionalism. In other words, it's typecasting done with flair.
fresh	Leaves a nice, warm feeling in your soul and smile on your face.
fresh	The filmmakers behind this magnificent movie adaptation of Paddington have indeed looked after the bear. For this is one of the finest family films of this, or any other year.
fresh	Has well-timed hilarious action sequences and London twinkles with Wes Anderson-style production design.
fresh	What struck me most about the film was the quality of animation. I make this statement about so many animated features but the bar keeps being raised higher and higher.
fresh	The film is a brightly wrapped Christmas present that has been assembled with love and care, and its message about the importance of welcoming strangers couldn't be more timely.
fresh	If it spikes the interest of small children to read more of Michael Bond's books then maybe there's lasting value in the film.
fresh	King is obviously a true fan and he's made a true and wonderful Paddington movie ... The themes and concerns of Michael Bond's original series of books and television shows are all there, and the personalities are too.
fresh	The slapstick feel is right for its young audience, and adults should enjoy its bouncy spirit and Bonneville's comic timing. Two claws up.
fresh	Wildly entertaining, genuinely funny and exuding a heart as sticky as a marmalade sandwich, this happy film, whose furry star is the much loved character from Michael Bond's best selling children's books, is every bit as good as expected.
fresh	Through it all runs the touching story of an outsider making a new home for himself, and discovering that in the end, whatever our differences, "anyone in London can fit in."
fresh	We're just pleased to have a family film in the truest sense of the word, one that's genuinely hilarious, touching and inventive to both kids and their parents
fresh	This brings Paddington beautifully to life and keeps it faithful to the spirit of the original while skilfully updating it.
fresh	Endearing, hilarious, and for humans of a certain vintage, tearfully nostalgic.
fresh	"Please look after this bear", says the tag around Paddington's neck. Rest assured, they have.
fresh	Marmaladen with gloriously silly jokes, pitch-perfect performances and incidental detail, this is a warm, witty and wondrously inventive great big bear-hug of a movie.
fresh	It's difficult not to go into a movie like this with a sense of dread, as the beloved children's book becomes a live-action movie with a digitally animated, eerily realistic-looking bear.
fresh	Michael Bond's bestselling books have been brought to life in a film that is slight, silly and awfully British but also warm, funny and just a little bit magical.
fresh	It's hard to see how the new Paddington could be bettered as an all-ages caper.
fresh	A delightful children's film that adults, too, will thoroughly enjoy.
fresh	Paddington isn't just the film of the year, it might actually be one of the finest family films ever made.
fresh	Paddington is enchanting.
fresh	This one-for-the-ages family movie based on the books by Michael Bond is a full-blown Christmas triumph.
fresh	You won't see a better family film this year.
fresh	A charming and sweet-natured family film, full of wit and fun, skewed towards young children but cheekily speckled with sly gags pitched at the older audience.
fresh	Where family films so often falter, choking on their own contrived sentimentality and/or cool, Paddington is sweet and silly and, at times, edge-of-the-seat stuff.
fresh	Paddington is the very definition of fun for all the family, coupling visual spectacle and guileless action set pieces with a strand of wry, occasionally subversive humour.
fresh	Adorable. So witty and compassionate and bittersweet and just the right little bit of snarky that you will cry tears of joy from the perfection of it.
fresh	Paddington is a marvellous (and politically brave) piece of cinema that never puts a paw wrong.
fresh	This first-ever movie take on Peru's furriest export is a cuddly triumph.
fresh	King has both paid homage to Paddington's roots and made him relevant for a modern audience.
fresh	Funny, touching and surprisingly topical, this is an utter delight from start to finish.
rotten	If Paddington is to turn into a movie franchise, one suspects that marmalde sandwiches under hats and scenes of mayhem in kitchens and bathrooms won't be quite enough. Far more attention will need to be paid to the storytelling.
fresh	The heart of this sweet-natured ursine klutz beats strong and true.
fresh	Affectionately honoring the everyday quirks of Bond's stories, while subtly updating their middle-class London milieu, King's film may divide loyal Paddingtophiles with its high-stakes caper plot, but their enraptured kids won't care a whit.
fresh	Has charm, fun and a glossy sense of adventure to spare.
fresh	Paddington runs gamely through a heightened, picture-book London, stumbling on occasion through a mess of caffeinated, slapstick set-pieces, but keeping its head as it spirits us along for the ride.
fresh	A total delight, as warm and welcome as a hot pair of socks on a winter morning.
fresh	A film that has an accessible, and yet significant message running through it, while never losing sight of the enchantment and frivolity that makes for such an entertaining piece of cinema.
rotten	"The Wedding Ringer" feels about as forced as a guy shopping for his bride's wedding gown.
rotten	It's a ridiculous premise exploited poorly, settling instead for plenty of athlete cameos and countless astonished reaction shots.
rotten	It manages to offend on so many levels that it's genuinely remarkable.
rotten	'The Wedding Ringer' leaves its guests at the altar.
rotten	The Wedding Ringer simply doesn't seem to know what it is - a trashy flick designed to shock or a high-concept comedy about the value of real friendship.
rotten	Hart works hard to keep the energy levels high, but though there are intermittent guffaws, charm is in short supply.
rotten	Puerile bromance ...
rotten	Gad and Hart are decent comic actors and give the crass material their best shot, but their expletive-ridden efforts are not only mostly unfunny, but at times nigh on unwatchable.
rotten	A festering pile of fatphobic, homophobic, sexist, grossout garbage in which men are manipulative liars but women are worse.
rotten	A charmless, half-hearted combination of Bridesmaids and The Hangover that veers between a sentimental bromance and wacky antics in the worst possible taste.
rotten	Hart is a very engaging and likeable comedian but this is only one of a number of absolute stinkers in which he has appeared in recent years.
rotten	We're left with a few life-lesson platitudes and the knowledge to approach the next Kevin Hart vehicle with care.
rotten	Principally concerned with the indignities wrought on schlubby Josh Gad's gonads by, among other elements, chilli and hungry dogs.
fresh	An unapologetically silly movie that manages to hit the right notes, this free-wheeling comedy makes up for its corny premise with sharp writing and acting...
rotten	The predictable script lulls you into laughing at some very tired gags, but at least Hart refrains from screaming through the whole thing.
rotten	It's a film swamped with the worst kind of glitzy Hollywood distraction, while the problem at the centre of the story - Doug's lack of genuine friends - is a subject that The Wedding Ringer's mirthless razzamatazz completely fails to address.
rotten	The plot's old, the title's borrowed and the jokes are blue - but there's nothing remotely new in this wearying bromantic comedy.
rotten	"The Wedding Ringer" borrows liberally from "Hitch" and "Wedding Crashers" ... while completely missing what made them worth borrowing from in the first place.
rotten	A toxic taint of mistrust and misogyny makes every joke, even the funny ones, land with a jaded thud.
fresh	It's a mix of silly, crass, wild and predictable, but one thing is for sure, Garelick's debut feature is hare-brain funny
rotten	... tries to be both crude and heartfelt, and winds up caught awkwardly in-between.
fresh	Screenwriters Jeremy Garelick and Jay Lavender don't even try to make the premise seem plausible; rather, they use it as a springboard for screwball complications and verbal humor.
rotten	For a moment, the film gives the impression of well-intentioned shagginess. But as The Wedding Ringer progresses full steam ahead, the only daring it shows is in its willingness to offend with ignorance.
rotten	The film is so flat and tired it really doesn't deserve the vehemence of this review. It's like chastising a completely airless tire for not rolling.
fresh	[Director Jeremy Garelick] doesn't stray too far from safe, squelchy ground here, but if you enjoy films such as The Hangover trilogy, then this one should go down like that third shot of Jagermeister.
rotten	The rest of the film is a mess of mixed messages, perpetuating homophobia and sexism at the same time it critiques them.
rotten	A standard, formulaic gross-out bachelor party-type comedy...has a decent amount of laughs for a Friday night in front of the TV with a pizza, but for $20 it's a bit of a stretch.
fresh	I have not been a big supporter of Kevin Hart and expected another 90 mins of his screaming Chris Tucker impression. However, in "The Wedding Ringer," he is quite funny and handles the role very well.
rotten	When the writers run out of ideas, they settle for desperate bad taste: a scene with a dog at a bachelor party is probably the kinkiest thing in any Hollywood comedy since Adam Sandler's That's My Boy mounted a qualified defence of paedophilia.
fresh	What saves the film are its two leads, who aren't afraid to show their sensitive sides -- along with other parts of themselves.
rotten	Fumbling and un-funny...
rotten	Briefly messes with Kevin Hart formula, but more often shoehorns prerequisite celebration scenes and implausible plot turns into Hart's party mix.
rotten	Neither shockingly offensive nor uproariously funny, one of The Wedding Ringer's biggest faults is its apparent contentment with mediocrity.
rotten	Basically a Men's Rights Activist meme passing itself off as a motion picture.
rotten	Never fully embraces its potential as a bawdy frat house comedy, seemingly content to stick with safe, easy jokes and a formulaic plot that wastes the talents of its stars.
fresh	Kevin Hart and Josh Gad have great chemistry together in this uneven but funny film.
fresh	A symbol of a wedding you have to go to. It's better than most, and if you aren't afraid to let your hair down and hop on the dance floor, you can have a lot of fun.
rotten	In terms of plot, The Wedding Ringer takes all the wrong parts of Hitch and I Love You, Man to create some juvenile hybrid of the two -- a story that could only exist in the mind of a seventh grader.
fresh	The razor-sharp Hart and vague, fluffy Gad make an appealing couple. If we can't believe these characters could really be friends, we can live for 101 minutes in a world where they do.
rotten	The Wedding Ringer feels spat out for people who love Katherine Heigl movies but wish that Eddie Murphy were in her role instead.
rotten	Most times, the movie is comfortable with the lowest common denominator, but there are periodic bits that give Gad and Hart room to click.
rotten	The movie often plays like a mid-2000s Jennifer Lopez rom-com forced against its will to be a hard-R guy comedy.
fresh	This material could have been fashioned around anyone, kind of like a tuxedo that you would rent to wear to a friend's wedding. It just happens to fit around Hart and Gad better than you might have expected.
fresh	The Wedding Ringer is a mixed, but overall enjoyable, dramedy - one that includes a number of laugh-out-loud scenes couched in an often clumsy story.
rotten	You've seen this done before, but you've never seen it done so poorly.
fresh	This is a surprisingly funny flick, folks, with great chemistry between the two leads and a supporting cast of comedic talents that all come to play. (Full Content Review -- Sex, Profanity, Violence, etc. -- for Parents also available)
fresh	A mostly disposable, occasionally quite funny bromance distinguished at times by its earnestness.
rotten	There are also enough montages that, after a time, you'll be left convinced that in the brave new world of 2015 there is no more filmmaking, only montage.
rotten	Crass comedy swings between gross and better than expected.
fresh	Hart rants, Gad fidgets, and together this pair barrels through the plot, shaping between them a surprisingly potent friendship.
rotten	Hart himself is his usual affable, amusing self, but if he's set on becoming a comic actor-as opposed to a pure comic-he has to start prioritizing the scripts over the jokes.
rotten	For the first time ever Kevin Hart mellowed out and didn't scream his lines like a chipmunk on amphetamines. It's an improvement but not enough. I laughed just once.
rotten	It's the kind of comedy that trades character work for purportedly comic situations - at a stuffy rehearsal dinner, grandma catches fire, somebody throws a drink on her, it gets worse and so forth.
rotten	If you're at the multiplex in the middle of the afternoon, and "The Wedding Ringer" is the only movie playing at a time that's convenient, you won't be completely miserable. This is not exactly a ringing endorsement, I realize.
rotten	This isn't something anyone really needs to buy. It's OK, it'll do but - like Hart's character - it's strictly a rental.
fresh	Unbridled fun ...
rotten	Love hurts, but Jeremy Garelick's The Wedding Ringer is truly painful.
fresh	If your children recognize Gad as the voice of Olaf from Frozen, FOR GOD'S SAKE DO NOT LET THEM SEE THE WEDDING RINGER!!!!! This movie is a bit too R-rated for them.
rotten	Hart is laser-focused and in-the-moment, and is consistently better than everything around him. He and Gad have the makings of a Will Smith and Kevin James in "Hitch" thing going on, but the script doesn't allow them to explore that dynamic.
rotten	By the time Jeremy Garelick's movie gets to the altar, it does hit a groove. But by then, the humor feels like stale champagne.
fresh	I almost passed out, hyperventilating after uncontrollable bursts of hyena laughs. It took a full evening's rest for the ache to dissipate from the belly.
rotten	Unless your idea of the ultimate screen comedy is to witness how many different ways a fat guy can fall down in one film, you're probably better off breaking off this engagement.
fresh	For a January comedy it's got enough laughs to be worth your RSVP.
fresh	It's not great by any means, but it is very entertaining, and as January releases go, it's a borderline gift to get a movie this enjoyable.
fresh	The Wedding Ringer is a soft-hearted bromance, albeit one dotted with moments of surprisingly out-there bad taste.
fresh	The Wedding Ringer is imperfect but its imperfections are tolerable because they're accompanied by a dollop of drama, a measure of laughter, and an oversized helping of Kevin Hart.
rotten	The director Jeremy Garelick, who wrote the script with Jay Lavender, takes the shortest route whenever possible, which usually means a gratuitous insult.
rotten	Not since Wild Hogs, perhaps, has a comedy so repeatedly insisted that there's nothing funnier than the thought of two men touching each other.
rotten	Too often the filmmakers go for cheap shots.
rotten	When a joke does land ... it's more a matter of luck than of craft.
rotten	This 'Wedding' is by no means a classy affair, but in the post-'Hangover' era it's not the worst comedy to come along.
rotten	Squeezes out some weak laughs amid alternating scenes of gross behaviour and sickly sweet male bonding confessionals.
rotten	Call it fast food funny business, easily digestible and indistinguishable to the masses
rotten	Hart is such a skilled comic - his lightning-fast riffs are almost always funny, even when they're in the midst of hateful dreck like this - that I can't believe he can't talk his way into better material.
rotten	This big, brash, occasionally clever, but mostly dumb comedy is so gallingly derivative that watching it feels like playing a game of basic-cable bingo.
rotten	Sets you up to expect a comedy that's homophobic but not misogynistic; that it delivers the opposite counts as a surprise, albeit not an entirely satisfying one.
rotten	A movie that's slightly better than you expect when you watch it on the plane-while being glad you waited to see it until you were killing time, half-asleep.
rotten	The premise isn't all bad --- but the execution could use some tweaking. There is simply too much silliness and not enough big laughs.
fresh	Hart is a bundle of energy --- so is Gad, for that matter --- and they bring that to their roles with relish.
fresh	Whether gleefully treading where fools rush in or subjecting characters to surprising harm for laughs, the thing is funny; at times very funny.
rotten	Ringer is completely abysmal, devoid of even a single shining moment of absurdity.
rotten	The idea is to keep the action at a fast pace, overwhelming audiences with zaniness so they can't notice that the film is built upon a rotten, crumbling, vaguely hateful core.
rotten	Hard as it tries, The Wedding Ringer is spectacularly unfunny.
rotten	The whiff of stale leftovers ... hangs over the movie from start to finish.
rotten	There are a lot of supporting roles, and it's telling that none of them are familiar faces. There's no one to upstage Hart, or even come close.
rotten	For all [its] assets, "The Wedding Ringer" ultimately flattens out in all-too-familiar ways ...
fresh	Check your brain at the box office, and motor-mouthed Kevin Hart, surrounded by a talented cast of seasoned comedians, will keep you in stitches for the duration of a decidedly-lowbrow, politically-incorrect misadventure.
fresh	Josh Gad's funniest movie, Kevin Hart's sweetest.
rotten	Ugly, rancid, vile and mean. The level of contempt "The Wedding Ringer" shows its characters and audience is inconceivable.
rotten	"One insidious issue with the film though is its repulsive chauvinism."
fresh	Under no circumstances would I call Inherent Vice a bad film. It's too weird and fascinating and filled with too many delightful performances...
fresh	If you've got a warped, off-beat sense of humour, you should like this. It's not on the same level as The Big Lebowski (the pinnacle of stoner comedies) but it's a worthy effort.
rotten	For those who have never been high, the new film "Inherent Vice" will give you a pretty good sense of it. You'll have no idea what's going on. You'll wonder whether you're supposed to know. In the end, though, you won't be sure you care.
fresh	This preposterously funny hippie-noir is a warm, back-to-the-'70's journey of paranoia and intrigue, dentists and dope - a kind of fin de siecle of the Californian '60s.
fresh	A Lebowski-esque adaptation of Thomas Pynchon's novel that's as bewildering as it is entertaining.
rotten	The title for this film should have been Incoherent Vice, such is the unfunny, meandering, deliberately confusing plot scribble of Paul Thomas Anderson's attempt at a 1970s crime comedy...seems designed to both infuriate and bore.
fresh	A crazy, crackling, wild ride.
fresh	Crazy enough to entertain while illuminating the sad reality of never quite getting what you want.
fresh	It isn't one film but many, an anthology of expertly recreated genre tropes, from fog-shrouded noir to sunlit paranoia.
fresh	Movies don't need to be better than the book. They only need to be the best movie version of the book. And Inherent Vice is that.
fresh	Tune in, drop out, and let this superb hippy noir wash over you.
fresh	There is nothing straightforward about anyone in Paul Thomas Anderson's bewitching mystery in which each character is a stepping-stone in a journey in which no-one is quite sure who or what they are chasing
rotten	Anderson is too enamored with his terrific ensemble cast. Perhaps 2 hours 20 minutes were needed for the plot to make any kind of sense, but there still feels like a lot of dead weight, and he is unable to infuse it with the energy of his other films.
fresh	PTA, Pynchon, Phoenix and co. produce something unavoidably brilliant.
rotten	the film's convoluted plot and lack of genuine feeling for the characters undercut even its most impressive sequences, making it feel empty where it should be boisterous, boring when it should be at the very least intriguing
rotten	On a strictly impressionistic first watch I intensely hated it.
fresh	P.T. Anderson brings Pynchon's clouds of digressions to the screen
fresh	A welcome return to the filmmaker's late '90s style; unlike his far grimmer recent output, here the occasionally overpraised writer-director is at his best counterbalancing the bleak with the bizarre.
fresh	It's not for nothing that Vice has won the Robert Altman award; its critique of early '70s California and its oft bewildered protagonist are reminiscent of the great man's Long Goodbye.
fresh	Paul Thomas Anderson's dark-comedy adaptation of Thomas Pynchon's crime-noir/counterculture novel is a thing of cinematic achievement. And it's also one heck of a trip, man.
fresh	I found myself going with it for about two thirds of the time, seduced by its sweetness, suspicious of its sexuality ... occasionally exasperated by its incessant shaggy-doggedness.
fresh	The thing Inherent Vice has going is its sense of always plucking at the fringe, the conviction that the central characters aren't necessarily the most interesting ones.
fresh	A faithful adaptation of the Thomas Pynchon novel that feels as if a labyrinthine Raymond Chandler thriller has been thrown into a cocktail shaker with Alice In Wonderland.
rotten	For those of us who cleave to the old-fashioned view that narratives should be vaguely penetrable, the film might as well be retitled Incoherent Vice.
fresh	I think I need to see it again, again.
fresh	A noble failure, perhaps, but whatever you make of its unwieldy plot machinations, Inherent Vice's smoky Californian atmosphere is guaranteed to rouse your senses.
fresh	Inherent Vice does gets over-entangled, but, despite the pot haze, a credible plot emerges and Anderson chalks up another triumph.
fresh	Watching Paul Thomas Anderson's wonderfully textured and intricate LA-set Inherent Vice, you are easily reminded of the famous story about Howard Hawks' version of The Big Sleep.
fresh	Not knowing quite where the joke is doesn't stop us from finding it funny, any more than confusion should preclude our wistful appreciation.
fresh	Paul Thomas Anderson's Inherent Vice provides a rush of pure hallucinogenic pleasure, but its logic is mighty hard to follow.
fresh	The less you try to figure out Anderson's rambling, mesmerising mystery, the better. Just relax and let this beautiful, haunting, hilarious, chaotic, irritating and possibly profound tragicomedy wash over you.
fresh	As rich and strange as we've come to expect from the "late" Anderson films, but doesn't quite achieve the digressive whackadoo majesty of the novel.
fresh	A delirious triumph: a stylish-squared meeting of creative minds, a swirl of hypnosis and symbiosis, with Pynchon's prose partly assigned to a narrating character and partly diversified into funky dialogue exchanges.
fresh	How will this play in the non-Pynchon community? Not at all, sez us. But for the converted or the plain curious, it's something to see, if not cherish.
fresh	The film's charms and strengths are undeniable... but none of it is enhanced by the bloated last hour, or the logy overall pace.
rotten	It's a noble failure, felt all the more because Anderson's films are usually so aesthetically and thematically rich and rewarding...
fresh	Shot in sun-bleach, faded 35mm stock, with a view of California deeply entrenched in cinematic folklore, Inherent Vice is an easy film to fall for.
fresh	A richly intoxicating brew of humour, violence and melancholy.
fresh	Like the Thomas Pynchon novel on which it's based, Inherent Vice is an anti-thriller, a loose, lunatic, sun-scorched noir that just keeps piling on the madness.
fresh	Pynchon and Anderson's take on this period is more subversive, but also more of a lament than HST's ether binge.
fresh	This is uniquely a Paul Thomas Anderson picture, another expression of his formidable artistry and singular vision.
fresh	When you stop looking at the forest, you'll see the beauty in the trees.
fresh	An unstructured, atmospheric affair ostensibly designed to appeal to folks nostalgic for the hedonistic hippie era.
fresh	A detective story in which a skunky marijuana fog replaces the acrid haze of gun smoke and the spill of stems and seeds is more likely than the spill of blood.
fresh	Anderson moves further from conventional storytelling with each new film, and closer to something more intuitive, more damning, more true. He hasn't made it there yet. God help us when he does.
fresh	First things first: the plot doesn't matter. It it all adds up to a breathtaking achievement- my pick for the best film of 2014.
fresh	I had a lot of fun watching this.
fresh	It's a convoluted mess that's too long and stocked with too many characters, all talking in drug-induced non sequiturs. Yet there's something inherently intriguing about it that's tough to shake.
fresh	Anderson's protagonists long for something different - prosperity, virility, respect, love. For Doc, it's a day when, as Jim Morrison said, "everything was simpler & more confused." His pursuit is witty, wise, ambitious & close to stoned immaculate.
fresh	It's an oddball movie about a bunch of oddballs.
rotten	Pardon me for not indulging filmmaker Paul Thomas Anderson again. "Inherent Vice" is shamefully incoherent and a waste of talent.
rotten	This isn't for the mainstream at all. Instead, Inherent Vice is for the die-hard P.T. Anderson fan, the kind of fan that studies every frame of his films.
fresh	With so little at stake and a plot that only kind-of-sort-of makes any sense, what Anderson has accomplished is the cinematic equivalent of being stoned (or so I'm told).
fresh	Inherent Vice locates a mystery worthy of Sam Spade and Philip Marlowe and basically sends in Cheech and Chong to crack the case.
fresh	...a dreamy movie that's all about the textures, the flat valley light glancing off the David Hockney planes. It's a movie that revels in its moviedom even as it replicates, in a very naturalistic way, a particular time and place.
fresh	A dense and dreamy trip to the end of the 1960s.
rotten	Over this 2.5-hour movie's long haul, the nowhere-bound plot strands don't congeal.
fresh	Ignore the stoner humor and hackneyed cliches and appreciate the mood and setting of this most neo of the neo-noirs.
fresh	Less a whodunit than a "What the heck?" Inherent Vice imparts a kind of contact high from all the befuddling developments and absurd characterizations.
rotten	Despite previously proving he has the ability to juggle lots of characters in multiple storylines, Anderson fumbles a bit here. (Full Content Review -- Sex, Profanity, Violence, etc. -- for Parents also available)
fresh	Instead of melting into the holes of the story like so much warm butter, the audience gets scraped across Anderson's room-temperature toast. There's no chemical reaction, which has the effect of leaving the audience cold.
fresh	Although Inherent Vice looks good enough to justify the price of seeing it in a theater, it's the rare movie that feels as though it were made to be viewed from a beanbag chair.
fresh	Vice will be remembered as minor Anderson. But even greats can use a romp or two in their oeuvres.
rotten	Some storylines conclude, some collide, others dissipate. But the film's main crime is this: It's boring.
fresh	Joaquin Phoenix is perfectly cast as the perpetually befuddled Doc, a private detective of sorts who immerses himself in pot in the Los Angeles of 1970.
fresh	Like waves in the ocean, you have to let this stuff flow over you, man. The film is fuzzy. It's not going to give all it can give on first watch, and for many that will be annoying as hell....One of the best films of the year
rotten	Although it's not as hermetic and impenetrable as The Master, Inherent Vice still comes off as a giant inside joke to anyone who hasn't read Pynchon's novel.
fresh	I've read the novel and seen the movie twice, and I've given up worrying about the plot. It doesn't matter.
fresh	Great acting salts this complex mystery involving drug-addled bottom feeders in 1970s Los Angeles. It goes nowhere but typical of Paul Thomas Anderson, nowhere is riveting.
rotten	The filmmaker paints a blurry picture of a doped-up dope on a quest to find, well, I don't know. More drugs? Himself? Closure? Does Doc even know, or care? Should we?
rotten	The film becomes something of a meandering mess of scenes that never adds up to a cohesive whole, stretching on and on for an unforgivable two and a half hours.
rotten	Paddling upstream with a mystery that's not terribly convincing, focusing on characters simply deployed for oddity, and welcoming an indulgent run time that's bruising when the picture stops for no reason whatsoever.
rotten	There's nothing at stake in the plot, and the characters are self-contained oddball units that don't really interrelate-they're just amusing kooks.
fresh	An undervalued gem ripening and enduring with age and perspective, destined for rediscovery.
rotten	Directed and written by Paul Thomas Anderson and starring Joaquin Phoenix are usually words that guarantee awesomeness. Not this time.
fresh	The movie plays everything for laughs, but there's a serious layer somewhere way down deep.
rotten	Inherent Vice is a sun-glared, neon-limned muddle of noir plotline and potheaded jokery that not only doesn't make sense, but actually seems to try hard not to.
rotten	Inherent Vice is a major stumble from a major filmmaker.
fresh	Anderson's impeccable casting and music choices are captivating, and there is an amusing contrast between his attention to every detail and the convoluted storyline.
fresh	Even repeated readings of Pynchon's books don't guarantee a complete enlightenment. That means it's the chase that is more fascinating than the discovery, an approach that Andesron used in writing his screenplay and making the movie.
fresh	Anderson is an auteur's auteur, and his movies are always lovingly shot and uniquely conceived. "Inherent Vice" is no different.
rotten	A stoner's delight that is part fever dream and part bad trip, Inherent Vice is a dark and wickedly wild neo-noir romp. But it's also a thing of unusual density and often incoherence.
fresh	Inherent Vice is a superbly controlled burst of chaos, a madcap masterwork that understands well the value of letting an audience wonder without leading it astray.
rotten	A long, slow journey to nowhere.
rotten	Each scene introduces a new character with little explanation, all but abandoning the previous new face that was just presented. It's like that "Too Many Cooks" video minus the entertainment value.
rotten	I truly wanted to like the film. Unfortunately it is a huge letdown, an almost unbroken and utterly unsuccessful sequence of wrong choices.
fresh	My advice? Relinquish yourself to this hazy tapestry, and let the film take over. Squares need not apply.
fresh	Cockamamie, kaleidoscopic, languidly compelling ...
rotten	[Inherent Vice] takes its own sweet time to get places. And sometimes you might wonder if we actually needed to go to all of those places in the first place.
fresh	Inherent Vice doesn't seem like a stoner movie in the sense that, say, Up in Smoke is as much as the blue cloud itself.
rotten	Patience Required to Appreciate Anderson's "Vice."
fresh	Even with a third eye on your forehead and peyote in your bloodstream, you won't be able to follow this long and winding road any better than Doc does.
fresh	"Inherent Vice" is an aggressively weird movie, which you should take not as a warning but as a compliment and an invitation to see it, to let its stoner vibes wash all over you.
rotten	Paul Thomas Anderson's hippie noir seems completely stoned: inarticulate, confused and prone to giggling at unknown jokes. Pynchon fans might tolerate it.
fresh	Both times I saw "Inherent Vice," I experienced roughly the same contradictory responses: delight undercut by puzzlement, followed by a happier sort of puzzlement.
fresh	Following the plot is like trying to pin a watermelon seed to the table with your fingertip, where the harder you push, the farther it squirts away. As bonkers and hard to get through as an actual Pynchon novel.
fresh	A loopy fever-dream of a movie that recasts the conventions of noir in a blissed-out psychedelic haze.
fresh	Wacky, wild and just as loony as Thomas Pynchon's novel it's based on.
fresh	A run-on sentence of a puzzle of a fog, wonderfully disoriented and right in line with the behind-the-beat curiosity Phoenix brings to Doc.
rotten	The picture is all over the map. Nothing coheres.
fresh	Even (or especially) when it's completely baffling, Vice is frequently very funny.
fresh	Despite the film's frustrations, it must be acknowledged that Anderson -- a master of the multi-strand, multi-character, multi-meaning plot -- is the perfect director to adapt Pynchon, in terms of both craft and spirit.
fresh	Inherent Vice is sensible and senseless, not as much a story as an experience of one.
fresh	More than just an adaptation of Thomas Pynchon's 2009 novel, the film engages with the author's literature on the whole, attempting a filmic analogue to his virtuosic prose.
rotten	A lot of people are going to bend over backwards to give Anderson's latest a rave review. But all you have to do is watch it alongside Boogie Nights to see how far Inherent Vice falls short.
fresh	You should take brownies, instead of popcorn, to Inherent Vice.
fresh	While some may find its strange, stream-of-consciousness approach to be grating, others will be enthralled with each and every gorgeously composed frame.
fresh	For all its dizzy detachment, the film packs an insidious emotional wallop, one that may not be felt until well after impact.
fresh	Some may find it sour and even repulsive, with its pathological anarchy of flavours. Some will find it delicious, in a deliriously exotic manner. Count me in the second camp.
fresh	Inherent Vice lives happily on the outer limits, where the noir form and its history are at least as important as the content.
fresh	There are people who can resist lines like, 'He forced my little girl to listen to original Broadway cast albums while he had his way with her,' but I am not one of those people.
fresh	You'll read plenty of comparisons to Robert Altman's The Long Goodbye or The Big Lebowski by the Coens, but it's really not doing the same thing either of those films did. This is a singular thing, and it is gorgeous.
rotten	Anderson seems to have lost all real pleasure in filmmaking; he seems to feel it's a kind of duty now, the weight of his various influences weighing him down and crushing the bright, grasping, sensitive artist who made Boogie Nights and Magnolia.
fresh	Ultimately about Doc's melancholy over his missing "old lady," Shasta Fay Hepworth, whose disappearances and reappearances, of course, bring down an endless stream of clues to the besandaled gumshoe's shaggy head like a cartoon wall of bricks.
rotten	A rare (and total) misfire from Paul Thomas Anderson...
fresh	The plot is a sideshow to Inherent Vice's luxuriant atmosphere, cracked sense of humor, and idiosyncratic characterization.
fresh	Inherent Vice" is often an uproarious trip. It's like a Big Lebowski with twice the brainpower on more -- and better -- drugs.
fresh	It has that much to say to our present moment, while enveloping itself in bygone clouds of patchouli and marijuana.
fresh	... an epic crime saga that's frequently hilarious for those in the right mood. And that mood might require substances to achieve.
fresh	Anderson's great accomplishment here is that he's created a work where there's no past, no future--there only is, man. Groovy.
rotten	Too often, the film gets distracted with things to giggle at, and breaks the spell.
fresh	This "sunshine noir" bakes your brain, in a good way.
fresh	Though it's radically befuddling, the movie is full of surprises, some of them hilarious, inventive, evocative and sexy (frontal nudity and a copulation scene included).
fresh	It's enjoyable, a "Chinatown" of its period, but it lacks the transportive psychedelia I expected, playing, and even more oddly often looking, rather flat.
fresh	Frustrating but fascinating drama has drugs, sex, language.
rotten	It's as if the film, like many of its characters, is in a constant state of a drug-addled high, unable to remain focused or make sense of anything that's going on.
fresh	Sure, Inherent Vice never fully takes on shape, but it's not really supposed to. Accept that when you sit down to it, and you'll enjoy the contact high.
rotten	[I]ts own themes come unfortunately and unintentionally too much to bear on the work itself until it collapses under the weight of its disordered, unraveling nature.
rotten	I get why some people will love this movie, but for me, sitting through it was an absolute chore.
fresh	Anderson brings us tangibly close to the colors and moods and dream horizons of America in the days of Hawks and Doves. We breathe its air and move with its remembered gesticulations at its peculiar pace.
fresh	So entertaining and deeply satisfying that you're immediately struck with the desire to reenter the world as soon as the movie ends.
rotten	Treats plot like a rental car: something to be abused and abandoned, squandering a strong start in an orgy of wheel-spinning.
fresh	Paul Thomas Anderson's Inherent Vice is a postcard of the sun going down on California. On second viewing, it was a majestic drift that took me out to sea.
rotten	'Inherent Vice' is a forlorn misfire in all respects.
fresh	At first glance, Inherent Vice might seem to be a detective story. Look a little closer, however, and it becomes clear that this is Paul Thomas Anderson's idea of a comedy.
rotten	Hollow and pointless - a better title would have been 'Incoherent Vice.'
fresh	There are, of course, two ways to experience Inherent Vice: with the brain on or the brain off. Both work. The latter is a good time, the former more illuminating.
fresh	While the film will have very limited appeal for casual moviegoers, Inherent Vice is great genre entertainment for intellectual and/or cinephile types.
fresh	[P.T. Anderson] is a terrific stylist ... and the scattershot pleasures he's peddling in 'Inherent Vice' may well satisfy those who like style more than substance, or maybe who like their style with substances.
fresh	"Inherent Vice" isn't quite a magnificent as "There Will Be Blood" or "The Master." But that just means you'll only want to rewatch it several times, as opposed to dozens.
fresh	[Paul Thomas Anderson's new movie] is a kind of companion piece to Altman's The Long Goodbye, and it's the sort of failure that only a director of his talents could make.
fresh	So, yes, if you watch inherent Vice as a whodunnit, you'll be disappointed -- but if you watch not as a whodunnit but rather as a whahappened, it's a film that's both funny and freaky, a pitch-perfect portrait of a time that never was.
fresh	"Inherent Vice" is a film about a stoner which itself seems stoned. This is just one small part of what makes it distinctive.
rotten	This is material more apt for a Coen Brothers treatment. Two-and-a-half hours of pretty, Paul Thomas Anderson-sculpted nonsense is a lot to take.
rotten	I love Anderson's ambition, but it is awfully hard to make a movie about a culture adrift that doesn't make its audience feel the same. Inherent Vice runs a punishing 148 minutes, not enough of which are funny or sad enough to hold us.
fresh	Think of it as a film that's meant to be experienced, more than fully understood.
rotten	Inherent Vice only skirts greatness instead of fully embracing it.
rotten	Anderson succeeds in creating a world all its own, rich in atmosphere and detail... Phoenix holds the film together with his amusing performance as a guy who doesn't take himself too seriously.
fresh	Trying to pare back Pynchon without killing the joke was the challenge. Anderson has done a remarkable job of replicating the crazy kaleidoscope of crime, dope and raunch the novelist conjured.
fresh	Inherent Vice, brilliantly scored by Jonny Greenwood, is an Anderson head trip, impure jazz with a reverb that can leave you dazed, confused and even annoyed. But at no time do you doubt that you are in the hands of a master.
fresh	Since most of Paul Thomas Anderson's Inherent Vice was meant to be impenetrable, the best approach, as you watch it drift by, is to savor the dreamy images and druggy jokes and forget about penetrating the plot.
fresh	This film [is] one that must be seen again, if not to better understand it, then to remember the sweet feeling of reveling in its haze.
fresh	Anderson, as always, knows exactly what he's doing with the camera. Scenes are often staged in the haze of smoke or fog; sometimes characters are introduced late into the frame, or action happens just out of it.
fresh	Mr. Anderson has condensed the book with surgical precision, ditching certain subplots, characters and locales while retaining the novel's sociopolitical tug, barbed asides and chokingly funny details.
fresh	The fact that perhaps 90 percent of the dialogue comes from Pynchon poses an authorship question that doesn't exist with Anderson's other movies. Still, the deftness with comedy and actors are at a level that few filmmakers working today could achieve.
fresh	Phoenix's extraordinary performance pulls the movie's infinite strands together. But this twisty tale takes so many foggy turns that you'll want to approach it with a plan.
rotten	Inherent Vice is half-baked Raymond Chandler. With too much emphasis on the baked part.
rotten	"Inherent Vice," meandering even by Anderson's standards, is easily the worst of his movies, a soporific 2 /&#8322;- hour endurance test.
fresh	The names pile up, the narrative becomes harder to untangle, and it all feeds into an atmosphere that mixes dread and wistfulness.
fresh	Anderson had long wanted to adapt Pynchon--this marks the first movie to do so. Is it successful? That depends on what you demand from an L.A. detective mystery.
fresh	A huge relief, as if a giant gas bubble had finally, with great effort, reached the surface of the pond with a cathartic blurp.
rotten	Paul Thomas Anderson's Thomas Pynchon's adaptation is a spot on stoner story that's just a little too in love with itself.
fresh	Wild and often hilarious. I bet it gets even better the second time around
fresh	...a witty, bleak and affectionate riff on the gumshoe genre.
fresh	Like a Wes Anderson attempt to make a Paul Thomas Anderson movie of a Thomas Pynchon novel -- it works...for a while.
fresh	"Inherent Vice" is not only the first Pynchon movie; it could also, I suspect, turn out to be the last. Either way, it is the best and the most exasperating that we'll ever have.
rotten	By far, 2014's biggest disappointment.
fresh	Inherent Vice is confounding, challenging and consistently unique.
fresh	A wildly entertaining, beautiful and hypnotic puzzler from a towering talent, Inherent Vice proves to be so much more than just the best film of the year - though it is that too.
fresh	Seedy, drug-fueled, and absent any type of sense we're used to in film, Inherent Vice is a film destined to divide any audience that watches it.
fresh	Picture a Las Vegas buffet - there's too much stuff on your plate, and a lot of it is stale chunks of melon. But then you come to the counter where they're serving the crab legs, and for a moment, it is the best thing ever.
rotten	A modern day The Big Sleep. If you've seen The Big Sleep, you'll recall it's very well done with great performances, but you'd be hard pressed to explain how Philip Marlowe (Humphrey Bogart) solves the mystery.
fresh	There's an inherent wisdom to Inherent Vice that escapes the groovy episodes, farcical humor and pea soup atmosphere, and transforms a nearly perfect piece of entertainment into something truly powerful.
rotten	[D]oesn't necessarily make for a good way to spend almost three hours of your day. Inherent Vice is ultimately akin to listening to a stoner tell a long, complicated story while you're staying clean.
fresh	Never quite transcending the sum of its agreeably disparate parts, IV is less groovy than gnarled and goofy, but in a studied way. Call it an acquired taste with a kinky savor.
fresh	Inherent Vice has a dazzling and often entertaining atmosphere of debasement, like a smiley face rotting from the inside. Yet there's a real limit to its pleasure.
rotten	The confusion on the ground, in the air, and in the mind is so thick with smoke and mirrors that reality and illusion are not different the one from the other in the foggy smoggy purple haze.
fresh	I can't wait to see it again.
fresh	Immersive and occasionally incoherent, stoner mystery Inherent Vice is a bold step for filmmaker Paul Thomas Anderson that unfortunately doesn't match the brilliance of his earlier films.
fresh	A jaunty screen adaptation of Thomas Pynchon's comic 2009 novel about the demise of the hippie era of free love and pot-happy endings.
fresh	It's actually less coherent than Pynchon, no small feat. It's not shallow, though.
fresh	As with Magnolia and Punch-Drunk Love, the director has created another vivid Los Angeles, one that doesn't lean too hard on its pop-culture references to TV's Adam-12 or Neil Young's gentle Harvest album.
rotten	Like a coke addict, who believes his mile-a minute nonsensical babbling is amusing, Inherent Vice outstays its welcome by at least two hours.
fresh	Pynchon's book translates to the screen with a wandering narrative that's as muddled as it is endearing.
rotten	Makes Howard Hawks' legendarily confusing 'The Big Sleep' look like a model of narrative coherence.
fresh	Psychedelic & substantive, PTA illuminates the '70s with a vibrant crime story carried by the audacious Joaquin Phoenix.
fresh	Even in the moment of watching it, Inherent Vice, feels like a half-remembered dream.
fresh	Anderson's seventh feature film is a groovy, richly funny stoner romp.
fresh	Ask not where the film is leading; that's hardly the point. The plot amounts to an arrangement of red herrings and besides, solutions are for squares.
rotten	Offers a only a pale and narrow physical recreation of such a vibrant place and time.
fresh	It requires fierce concentration, possibly several viewings.
fresh	a hilariously complex stoner noir that weaves around its massive web of characters utilizing a tone that's at times overtly slapstick, yet also deeply spiritual and romantic.
fresh	The dangers of filmmakers trying to replicate a golden era rather than embrace the present are part and parcel of Inherent Vice, but the ramifications are political as well.
fresh	It's a daffier venture, like Boogie Nights and Punch-Drunk Love, looser and friendlier, but not easier to dismiss.
fresh	"A hilarious, but melancholy and intuitive stoner noir that leaves much to contemplate."
fresh	Not being able to follow the plot grants a kind of freedom, allowing you to soak up the vivid atmosphere and dwell on the performances, wordplay and copious visual gags without needing to figure who's doing what and/or to whom.
rotten	The best thing the movie does is that it reminds us that we too will wither and die - some sooner than later. Eat some pizza. Smoke a bowl. Have some hot sex. Any of those experiences will far surpass the one you will have watching "Inherent Vice."
rotten	Inherent Vice is a little too zonked, meandering and overly long, an ultimately pointless story told by a stoned person.
fresh	Let's start this off with a reward offering. I'll pay anyone $20 if they can explain to me, in detail, the full plot and synopsis of "Inherent Vice," front to back. That's a good place to start, eh?
fresh	While it's certainly a sideways move after the astonishing The Master, one could argue that Anderson's earned himself the right to take a break, smoke up and giggle.
rotten	P.T. Anderson's most uninspired work to date and mostly a worthless waste of time.
fresh	Big Eyes is the most substantial film Tim Burton has made since Ed Wood.
fresh	That Big Eyes is the best film Burton has directed in almost a decade is no exaggeration.
fresh	Burton is telling a fascinating story here, and his confident sense of time and place, allied to Adams's adept performance as the increasingly assertive artist, provide many pleasures.
fresh	Athough this is not an entirely successful change of pace for director Tim Burton, there's enough in the story to make his version of events very watchable.
fresh	Burton has crafted one of his most understated films; a fascinating study into 1950s sexual politics and art-world deceit.
fresh	Visually gorgeous and amusing biopic.
fresh	The stylistic flamboyance we usually associate with director Tim Burton is largely absent from his relatively straight-laced account of the personal and legal war between artist Margaret Keane (Amy Adams) and her husband Walter (Christoph Waltz).
fresh	The score by Danny Elfman makes it sound a little too much like a romantic comedy at times but Big Eyes is a smart flick with a lot to say and many talking points to present.
fresh	It's fascinating to discover that an item of what is essentially pop culture with which one was familiar some years ago has such a colourful history
fresh	A lie, compliance and the windows to the soul are the elements of this extraordinary true story in which male domination and female repression play key roles
fresh	A little film with giant performances by Adams and Waltz.
rotten	Perhaps the worst insult that can be lobbed at Tim Burton's Big Eyes is that it bears little sign of actually having been directed by Tim Burton.
fresh	"Big Eyes" is unlike anything the director has done before, yet in many ways, it represents him at his most "Burtonesque."
fresh	Bad taste is timeless.
fresh	Very much unlike the director's recent fare, a fine and surprisingly complex piece of work which suggests he should step out of his weird and wonderful comfort zone more often.
fresh	In the unlikely and quintessentially American true story of Margaret and Walter Keane, Burton has found a way to interrogate his own career and art.
rotten	A feminist psycho-melodrama made without insight or dramatic excitement.
rotten	Big Eyes is a highly mannered and empty movie that robs its story of the very things that made it worth telling in the first place.
fresh	Big Eyes is a return to a subdued style from Tim Burton that's been missing for over a decade.
fresh	A wacky art-history lesson told by a director who loves a kitschy underdog tale, with two lead actors who put their own colorful brushstrokes on a zesty, little-known story.
fresh	Big Eyes is an entertaining take on a pop culture footnote, short on the bizarre flourishes Burton typically employs.... Big Eyes is sweet and, dare we say it, kind of normal.
rotten	One of the movie's many problems is that the script wants to have it both ways: It suggests Margaret was a browbeaten victim of her husband's greed while making it clear she was actually a willing participant in the ruse.
rotten	...yet another in a long line of disappointments from a once rock-solid filmmaker.
rotten	Ultimately boils down to being just another movie about an abusive marriage.
fresh	Big Eyes still has a fascinating story to tell, re-creating the world of Beat-era San Francisco and shooting a Hawaiian honeymoon in glowing Technicolor tones.
rotten	The talk at Denny's afterwards is going to be much more enjoyable than the movie itself.
fresh	This is a rich, richly entertaining, often very funny movie with fine characterizations, and it definitely deserves your attention.
rotten	There's a lack of commitment to the ideas raised by the scenario and the emotional rigor brought in by Adams's performance.
fresh	Big Eyes is Tim Burton's most intimate and subtle film since Ed Wood, to which it feels a companion piece.
rotten	Burton has always paid tribute to artistic misfits in his movies, from self-deluded film auteur Ed Wood to blade-fingered sculptor Edward Scissorhands. But I don't think he's made a film with such contempt for everyone in it, except the main character.
rotten	The wild true story behind the movie is so bizarre that it is impossible for the movie not to grab one's attention, and Burton isn't content to coast on the premise alone. Still, it feels smug and heavy-handed.
rotten	Amy Adams and Christoph Waltz are charismatic in the lead roles; occasionally they distract from the movie's overall smugness.
fresh	Waltz may play Walter as a mincing gadabout and Lothario whose real talent lies in self-promotion, but it's Adams' Margaret and her dawning realization of her own inner strength that holds the film aloft.
fresh	Tim Burton combines his sunnier filmmaking style (Big Fish) with his more deranged impulses (Dark Shadows) for this amazing true story about both the nature of art and how easy it is to slip into an unhealthy relationship.
fresh	It's not the kind of performance that screams for attention. No showboating physical transformation or wrenching psychological endurance test. She barely even raises her voice. But as the artist Margaret Keane, Amy Adams is quietly extraordinary.
fresh	Considered an awards contender by association with its leads' pedigrees, "Big Eyes" is many things - kooky, punchy, peppy, poignant, powerfully acted - but it's decidedly not that. Disabuse yourself of that idea and enjoy Burton's loose, limber work.
fresh	An offbeat amusement from Tim Burton, Amy Adams, and Christoph Waltz
rotten	The more you think about it, the more you see all the subtextual tricks that were missed.
fresh	... an amusing biopic that examines the age-old relationship between art and commerce.
fresh	ig Eyes is more melodrama than drama, more comedy of manners than cultural critique -- and yet its wide-eyed candy-colored exterior holds fascinating and funny depths behind its glassy stare.
fresh	For all its tonal shifts and erratic pacing, the film is Burton's heartfelt tribute to the yearning that drives even the most marginalized artist to self expression no matter what the hell anyone thinks.
fresh	Adams adds another excellent performance to her formidable resume, with an equally impressive show by Waltz who plays her bellicose husband with panache and a chilling edge.
rotten	Burton might need to get further from blockbuster bloat in order to regain his formal mastery of kitsch. Right now his sense of comic portraiture is too easily mistakable for splatter painting.
fresh	Adams is lovely and tremulous, but Big Eyes would be even better if Waltz was in the same key.
fresh	Big Eyes is a real gem.
fresh	Feels like a deceptively complex formal experiment, one designed to reflect what happened to Keane by celebrating artlessness as a valid form of artistic expression.
fresh	Burton keeps his goofier impulses toned down, though when he does go surreal - such as when Margaret hallucinates big-eyed people in the supermarket aisles - it's quite effective.
rotten	Unfortunately, the miscasting of a key role in 'Big Eyes' makes many scenes appear unreal.
fresh	After the bloated uncertainties of Alice in Wonderland and Dark Shadows (his last two live-action features), it's encouraging to find Burton returning to a more intimate canvas.
rotten	In the unfocused "Big Eyes," Adams, like the rest of the production, doesn't quite know where to step.
rotten	Nice try, Burton --- but who cares?
fresh	The strange saga of the Keane paintings is merely a blip in the history books, but Tim Burton proves that sometimes its those little things that amaze us the most.
fresh	What saves it is yet another outstanding performance by Adams, who completely disappears beneath a perky blonde wig to fully flesh out a woman who was raised to do whatever her husband told her, but eventually found the courage to stand up for herself.
fresh	...a true story very well done by Tim Burton...Adams is as good here as she's ever been.
fresh	A much darker and more interesting movie lies within the body of this one. While it's very good, and I really have no complaints, darker would have been better.
fresh	Tim Burton's new biopic of painter Margaret Keane separates itself from the pack in a prickly, delightful way.
fresh	There are so many interesting phenomena at play in the Keanes' story that it's disappointing to see it all boiled down into a reductive hero's journey.
fresh	Like Margaret Keane's artwork, Big Eyes catches viewers with its surface quirks, but there's also something taking place underneath the surface.
fresh	You can see Walter as kind of a dark mirror to Ed Wood, whose motto seemed to be that people should do what they love, even if they are terrible at it. Walter's motto seems to be to do what you love - even if you aren't actually doing it.
rotten	Waltz ham-and-eggs Adams off the screen. In the process, the movie strands her character without an inner life, a psychology, or anything that would indicate what makes her tick.
fresh	What Burton's approach most lacks is insight - big eyes don't see too deeply - but it's still a fascinating story told with flair.
fresh	The perfect account of an act of artistic plagiarism that managed to con the American public...and eventually drove his abused spouse to paint the real picture.
fresh	Burton also addresses a question previously raised in his 1994 "Ed Wood": What is art? And who gets to decide?
rotten	The whole cast is hamstrung by a script that only runs Wikipedia-deep.
fresh	Big Eyes isn't just the most traditional film Burton has ever made, it's also one of his most entertaining.
fresh	The talented cast does absolutely everything they can with the material they've been provided, but unfortunately Big Eyes is forgettable fluff that may be harmless but completely dry, as well.
fresh	The story is just so downright weird that the film can't help but be compelling. Just not as compelling as it could have been.
rotten	I watched wide-eyed with dismay while the film turned as lifeless as the paintings.
fresh	A wondrously strange true story about art and heartbreak, intellectual property theft, and the subjugation of women.
fresh	The story itself is fascinating ... which helps, and Amy Adams' quiet meticulous performance as Margaret Keane is a beautiful and emotional piece of work.
fresh	The story and the storytellers are equally important in creating a fascinating tale. And then, of course, there's the director.
rotten	An unusually ordinary film from Tim Burton.
fresh	While Big Eyes features some strong lead performances and a fascinating story, just like Margaret Keane's paintings, it never amounts to more than a pleasant distraction.
rotten	...Big Eyes is most alive when Burton is doodling in the margins.
fresh	Tim Burton buttons down his kooky expressiveness with Big Eyes, but the resulting film is one of his better (and more self-reflective) in recent memory.
fresh	Burton delivers what could be one of his most conventional pics. (Full Content Review -- Sex, Profanity, etc. -- for Parents also available)
rotten	There's not a drop of Burton to be found, no style or wit, and the screenplay plays a little too loose with the facts.
fresh	In "Big Eyes," the sincerity of the artist trumps the judgment of the critics, and her vision triumphs over fraudulent promotion. It makes a passionate case for her. Whether it vindicates her art is another question entirely.
fresh	A very good film about very bad art .
fresh	You can't help but sense Tim Burton nodding in agreement when Walter bellows, "Just because people like my work, does that make it bad?"
fresh	Throughout his career, Burton has always been capable of surprising audiences. "Big Eyes" is no exception.
fresh	Burton pulls back on his traditional Goth goofiness to give these characters and their story the respect they deserve.
rotten	Fails to convey the material in a particularly creative or inventive way with Waltz's constant scenery-chewing detracting from any insight the story tries to offer.
fresh	Represents a solid return to form for Burton, even if it never attains the dizzying heights of 'Ed Wood.'
fresh	Adams is very good at the difficult art of making passive characters interesting -- a gift that stands her in good stead here.
rotten	I hate to say it, but Big Eyes just isn't weird enough for director Tim Burton.
fresh	While the story is a wild, eccentric ride, the biggest shock may be just how straightforward Big Eyes is.
fresh	Nimble, off the beaten track and very entertaining, it's the cinematic equivalent of a lava lamp.
rotten	The story of Walter and Margaret Keane is bona fide movie material through and through, but rich narrative drama is just not part of Burton's wheelhouse.
rotten	Burton lets his film putter along in middle gear, provoking neither riotous laughter nor emotional immersion.
rotten	This portrait of a woman on the verge - of success, of suppression, of submission, of rebellion - is never fully realized.
fresh	What matters is, does the artist speak through this work? And does this work speak to you? And "Big Eyes" does. I just wish it spoke louder.
rotten	The paintings and their maker, superficial though they may be, deserve more. So do viewers.
fresh	Delightfully entertaining. The first live-action movie Tim Burton has made in a decade where you can tell he actually gave a rip about the material.
rotten	Call it a well-intentioned but half-hearted and misguided vindication.
fresh	Burton pokes fun at Keane's art, but he kids because he loves, and Big Eyes productively asks the question of whether the paintings are art or kitsch (probable answer: both).
fresh	...a witty, satirical, and thoroughly enjoyable romp at the movies. This is Burton's best since "Big Fish."
fresh	Amy Adams delivers a fabulously layered performance as the mousy spouse who finally sues for justice.
fresh	As a kid, I had a couple of framed Keane prints hanging in my room...at the time they were regarded as kitsch, but "Ed Wood" screenwriters Scott Alexander & Larry Karaszewski unveil the fascinating story that lies underneath
fresh	Terrific performances and a strong script add up to Tim Burton's best movie in a long time.
rotten	I don't know that Burton's gothic whimsy is the right touch for a story that cries out for something more akin to melodrama.
fresh	Burton paints a vividly complex picture of gender bias and repressed creativity, with a whole lot of betrayal thrown in for good measure.
rotten	Lies, frustration, lies, frustration, repeat.
fresh	Despite a few narrative snags, it is a sturdily crafted period piece. Along the way, Burton also delivers an impassioned justification of art in all of its forms.
fresh	We do ... get a terrific story and a recognisably Burtonesque Blonde Ingenue in Amy Adams's Margaret Keane.
fresh	Burton has the right eye for the pop magnetism of the Keane paintings and for the period kitsch, and Adams' unique brand of fragile spunk is right for the role of Margaret.
fresh	Visually inventive, as are all of Burton's movies, "Big Eyes" is pleasant enough to watch; you just wish there were more to it.
fresh	The end result is a breezy look into a bizarre corner of pop-culture history, but it isn't much more substantial than Burton's recent cinematic flights of fancy.
fresh	A smart, funny, feel-good film -- from Tim Burton? It's his best since "Ed Wood."
fresh	"Big Eyes" toys with some amusing ideas, and that's enough.
fresh	This is a return to form for Burton, a film more reminiscent of Edward Scissorhands or Ed Wood, lower-budget pictures that were not so much memorable for a certain artistic milieu but more so for their deftly constructed characters.
fresh	Big Eyes is an entertaining, thought-provoking, and often insightful drama on the subject of art and authorship. However, it's marred by an uneven approach.
fresh	A straightforward and mature film with little in the way of overt weirdness.
rotten	Instead of comic and dramatic provocation, "Big Eyes" settles for a pastel set of emotions lost in a primary color world.
fresh	"Big Eyes" is technically and aesthetically attractive.
rotten	The Keane story is a rich parable that deserves either a wilder or a more acute telling than Burton provides here.
fresh	Tim Burton brings the disparate elements together into an affecting whole by keeping his focus squarely on the struggle and triumph at the heart of the story.
fresh	Tim Burton fashions the perfect frame around these actors and then lets them fill out this marvelous creation.
fresh	Most resounding of the layers that unfold as Walter's epic fraud burns to the ground is the notion of a superior artist's work being hidden under the brush of someone else's signature, echoing Burton's early years as an unappreciated animator [at] Disney.
fresh	Big Eyes has plenty of surface pleasures, but there was reason to expect more than that from it.
fresh	A solidly entertaining film, one that finds the humor in an unfamiliar tale of human art and artifice.
fresh	Underneath the angst of Margaret's story lies another level of equally uneasy turmoil.
fresh	Big Eyes is the least Tim Burton-y movie he's made in twenty years, and at this juncture in Burton's career, that may be the best possible thing he could have done.
rotten	A disappointing holiday flick about a cad who shafts his passive artistic wife.
rotten	It dwells in that amorphously ill-defined zone, Dramedyland, a place from whence audiences too often return with a shrug and a vague sense of confusion and disappointment.
rotten	"Eyes" Struggles to Find its Voice
fresh	Fascinating, nimbly acted and, an er, eye-opening look at the culture of male dominance of a couple generations past.
fresh	Intriguing but curiously shallow - revealing art as identity theft.
rotten	Another phony and hollow piece of sugary kitschploitation masquerading under the guise of an "important true story" that places a nearly grotesque premium on style over any traces over substance.
rotten	Where the outrageous arc of the Keane success story needed a patina of realism to convince, Waltz and Burton invariably make big, over-the-top choices.
fresh	The mood is almost as bright as the look, presenting the San Francisco art and jazz scene like a theme park or better, a Disney live-action movie starring Kurt Russell.
fresh	One of the best pictures of the year
rotten	It refreshes to see Burton tackle more personal fare, but Big Eyes doesn't quite cut it. This is never as amusing, dramatic or emotional as it should be.
fresh	Tim Burton's return to real-life storytelling is entertaining but flawed. See it for a fascinating true story and a fantastic Amy Adams. Beware the uneven tone, a lack of depth and Christoph Waltz's monumental mugging.
fresh	It's an intriguing true story, but Burton only toys with pre-feminist points and the tension between commercial and artistic success. Not bad, but a little paint-by-numbers.
fresh	Big Eyes deserves kudos for exploring the symbiotic relationship between business and art and it feels very personal at times.
rotten	Burton lets Waltz run wild, sucking the air out of every scene with his hysterics, and the always-endearing Adams is left looking like a rabbit in the headlights.
fresh	Involving look at both a unique style of painting and the evolution of a fraud.
fresh	This is a nimble, often distressing biopic about the American artist Margaret Keane - best known for her kitschy portraits of children and kittens - that represents a lovely change of pace for tent-pole king Tim Burton.
fresh	"Big Eyes" is still a compelling film, well presented and solidly performed by leads Amy Adams and Christoph Waltz. But more weirdness would have done wonders.
fresh	Burton's study of the strange case of Margaret and Walter Keane is a diverting black comedy which dramatises relevant questions about sexual stereotype and artistic authorship.
rotten	Although handsomely designed and photographed, Tim Burton's Big Eyes fails to peer into the soul of the tormented Margaret Keane.
fresh	Big Eyes is Burton's most interesting film in quite some time, and the most personal if the thinly-veiled metaphor of the narrative is anything to go by.
fresh	Despite its sharp feminist sting, Big Eyes never loses its light touch. Maybe the lesson here is that Burton should venture out of his dark, creepy comfort zone more often.
rotten	Another Tim Burton fairy tale. Adams and Waltz miscast. The screenplay is shallow and has no depth. The ham-fisted acting doesn't help.
fresh	Big Eyes is as much a Tim Burton film as Big Fish or Frankenweenie, and it is a high water mark on a fascinating filmography.
rotten	In style as in content, it offers neither the granular detail of more subtle period pieces nor enough of Tim Burton's spirited eccentricity to register as anything other than what one character derides as "that representational jazz."
fresh	Big Eyes is a movie of shocking complexity and grace, given how simple it seems on the surface.
fresh	Big Eyes does Margaret Keane justice. Adams is so emotional you feel her heartbreak in the earliest simple betrayals, let alone when it gets more intense. Waltz is whimsical and charming, tragic and frightening.
fresh	The business of art and the female Stuck-Home Syndrome? As Burton crafts a canvas of his own pitting stifled rebellion against embarrassing expediency. And if he's also taking on the movie industry that shoves art aside for profit too, all power to him.
fresh	Though it is set 50 years ago, Big Eyes is eerily a film of the moment.
fresh	An incredible return to form for Tim Burton, who once again has found an outsider hero worth filming, and who here does some of his finest work in bringing her to life.
fresh	This nimble, bemused, culturally curious look at the married instigators of the kitschy "big eyes" paintings of the early 1960s exudes an enjoyably eccentric appeal while also painting a troubling picture of male dominance and female submissiveness ...
rotten	A depressingly bad and soulless seriocomedy.
fresh	"The most human film from Burton since "Ed Wood," this biopic of kitsch painter Margaret Keane (Amy Adams) marks a small but significant artistic growth."
fresh	It's a thoughtful, funny and often complexly lovely film.
rotten	"Big Eyes" doesn't seem to trust either the factual truth or the emotional logic of the dilemma it's showing us.
fresh	Stepping away from the worlds of fantasy, horror and science fiction for the first time in 20 years, director Tim Burton delivers one of his most thoughtful and accomplished works in far too long.
rotten	Lopez is playing it straight. And, so is the director (Rob Cohen). It's hard for the audience to have fun when the filmmakers stay straight-faced.
rotten	It's a disjointed, frenetic series of unfortunate events that isn't even fun to watch mockingly... Your time is better spent fantasizing about one of the two onscreen leads.
rotten	If the gender roles were reversed, the seduction scenes would be considered exploitative and creepy.
rotten	An unwanted throwback to the sort of film you'd stumble across in 1998, late on a Friday night on Channel 5.
rotten	Our faith in intergenerational relationships is dangerously compromised.
rotten	Solidly MOR fare that should be propping up Channel 5's Friday night schedule sometime very soon.
rotten	Playing out like a gender-flipped Fatal Attraction with a dwindling IQ, it's comfortably one of the worst films of 2015 to-date, functioning more as an accidental comedy than the steamy erotic thriller it's billed as.
rotten	The Boy Next Door is an absolute scream. Unfortunately, it's not meant to be.
rotten	This is popcorn cinema at its absolute worst -- and I thoroughly enjoyed a disturbingly large amount of it. Though not for the reasons the director probably intended.
rotten	Rob Cohen's half-baked erotic thriller plays like a misguided homage to Eighties video fare and to family-in-peril sagas like Unlawful Entry or Cape Fear.
rotten	One of the stupidest films ever made.
rotten	Probably the guiltiest pleasure yet of the new millennia, this brims over with unintentional titters ...
rotten	This over-the-top affair may be of some interest to those looking for late night schlock, but for most it will mark a low point in Lopez's career.
rotten	Abundantly silly ...
rotten	J-Lo is back in the sort of breathtakingly abysmal thriller that, a decade ago, sullied a promising dramatic career.
rotten	It's impossible to imagine a more implausible role as 'Jenny from the Block' citing Homer's Odyssey to a classroom of attentive students.
rotten	A cheesy TV movie ramped up with language and violence, this sudsy thriller is far more fun to watch than it should be...
rotten	Reaches beyond ordinary laughable movie nonsense to create a moment - only one, alas - that will reign in the annals of cheesy cinematic history.
rotten	Putting her best pout forward, Jennifer Lopez throws herself into hilariously bad psychological thriller The Boy Next Door, possibly in a wilful bid to make a cinematic stinker that would obliterate memories of her 2003 folly Gigli.
rotten	Jennifer Lopez has serious beefcake issues in this lazy, low-budget, not-as-much-fun-as-it-should-be potboiler.
rotten	At points it feels like a competent thriller built on deeply sketchy bones.
rotten	If the phrase 'Lifetime move gone bad' is understandable, you'll get just how awful this is.
rotten	The Boy Next Door doesn't exactly aspire to a 'so bad it's good' level but it's so ridiculous that if you insist on suffering through it, while you won't get any of the promised thrills, you might get a good laugh.
rotten	A thrown together collection of hackneyed and screwball soft porn, toilet humor and predictable violence.
fresh	It's all hilariously ridiculous, but bless J.Lo for trying her mightiest to sell it. If someone's going to bring sultriness to suburbia, it might as well be Jenny from the Block.
rotten	Cheap, obvious and lazy, The Boy Next Door only gets enjoyably, hilariously awful in its final scenes.
rotten	I haven't seen a bigger mess in wide release since Dana Carvey's career-terminating The Master of Disguise.
rotten	Improbably overheated, it's absolutely asinine - a new low for J.Lo - evoking ludicrous memories of 'Gigli.'
fresh	Entertaining as any trashy thriller could hope to be.
rotten	There are many grades of terrible in Hollywood, and this is pretty nearly the worst.
rotten	Why Lopez and Step Up's Guzman didn't join forces for a sexy dance-off instead of a piss-poor Fatal Attraction-style domestic thriller is beyond me.
fresh	...comes off as a perfectly watchable throwback that contains all of the elements that one might've anticipated (and hoped for)...
rotten	Perhaps the The Boy Next Door should have been written as a sequel to the equally abysmal Jennifer Lopez film Enough; that way, it could have arrived with the critic-friendly title Enough Already.
rotten	Sorry J.Lo, but since you also had the gall to executive-produce this shameless turkey, your nickname now is J.New-Low.
rotten	It's badly directed, poorly edited, and features some of the most unconvincing acting this side of a soup commercial.
rotten	Regardless of the glee I felt watching this hot mess of a train wreck, it's not a good film by any standard.
rotten	Lopez's sexy turn as the object of a young man's obsession is pretty terrible, though plenty enjoyable as a guilty pleasure for its sexually pointed double entendres alone.
rotten	You always have to wonder why anybody says yes to a project like this one, but it's a particularly strange choice on Lopez's part, since she's done her best work in movies that dare to empower her.
rotten	THE VERDICT The Boy Next Door is the movie you've already seen countless times before. You don't need to be a movie buff to know what'll happen next and unfortunately, the way it all plays out doesn't make up for its lack of creativity.
rotten	It's every woman's worst nightmare: To be trapped in a Nicholas Sparks adaptation that's gone completely, horribly off the rails. That's what this movie feels like.
rotten	There is only one conceivable explanation for the existence of The Boy Next Door: Jennifer Lopez said, "What can I do to drive the final nail into my film career's coffin?"
rotten	'The Boy Next Door' does a horrible job channeling 'Fatal Attraction' and deserves to replace its unfortunate bunny in the stove top pot. (Full Content Review -- Sex, Profanity, Violence, etc. -- for Parents also available)
rotten	Do not pay for this movie, do not rent this movie, but if, late one night, you find yourself flipping through channels and you see Jennifer Lopez in her underwear getting it on with a walking, talking six-pack stick around and have some fun.
rotten	If you've never seen a motion picture before, "The Boy Next Door" will amaze you with its ability to project huge images of beautiful people onto a screen. Otherwise, it's nothing to be concerned with.
rotten	A failed attempt to match the tension and emotional dynamics of Fatal Attraction.
rotten	Ridiculous plot and unfortunately one you've seen a dozen times before and done better a dozen times ago.
rotten	The really sad and annoying aspect of this poorly-conceived script is that we've seen it ALL before. There is literally nothing new here.
rotten	I've seen worse. Many people rail about Jennifer Lopez' acting ability, but I've never thought she was that bad in front of the camera.
rotten	There are moments of sexy, and moments of crazy, but as a whole THE BOY NEXT DOOR is not worth paying a visit.
rotten	The Boy Next Door is two scenes short of becoming a camp classic. Maybe next time, J-Lo.
rotten	The cheese is thick and it smothers everything in "The Boy Next Door," but it's never quite gooey or spicy enough.
rotten	The script just seems to be a mix of cheesy parts of other films and the cast is a random mixture of actors and actresses thrown together as some sort of cinematic experiment.
rotten	This howler of a movie is exactly what you'd expect from the title and its star, a cheesy psychotic stalker thriller which appears to have dropped elements of its plot on the way to the screen.
rotten	Isn't this just one big conspiracy by the rich old guys who run Hollywood (and the world) to scare sexy women like Jennifer Lopez away from chasing after young hot dudes?
rotten	This isn't a very demanding role for Lopez, but she still fails to carry it off. In fact, nothing about this film is convincing. It all feels notably artificial.
rotten	It isn't just bad and ridiculous, it's fulsomely, wholeheartedly and right down-to-its-DNA bad and ridiculous.
rotten	Rather than being good-bad, "The Boy Next Door" is just plain bad.
fresh	When we're all sitting in a midnight screening of The Boy Next Door someday, throwing home-baked cookies at the screen, I'll be the one shouting "I told you so!"
rotten	The Boy Next Door is even worse than J.Lo's last album, which is a hard feat.
rotten	Silly, diverting and indefensibly dumb, "The Boy Next Door" turns off its brain early, and requires that audiences follow suit.
rotten	[A]t least the movie becomes more deserving of derision than of scorn.
rotten	A dumb, thrill-less thriller.
rotten	Gigli exists. Therefore no other Jennifer Lopez movie can be the worst Jennifer Lopez movie ever made. The silly, cliched, visually irritating The Boy Next Door gives it the ol' high school try, anyhow.
rotten	Breathless, uninspired January junk that feels like the iffiest bits of a Lifetime movie and late-night cable schlock slapped together. (And not erotically.)
rotten	Mr. Cohen, no stranger to delivering pulp product, employs visual cliches as if they were flash cards; no exposed thigh or made-you-jump reveal goes unexploited.
rotten	"The Boy Next Door'' wants badly to be a cut-rate "Fatal Attraction,'' but ends up getting more laughs than many comedies.
rotten	It is a perfect storm of a worn-out idea, shot with a lack of originality and played out by wooden actors. The Boy Next Door couldn't be any worse if they tried.
rotten	The entire movie feels like a warning for women of any age: if you act on your desires, you will be punished. And there seems to be no greater punishment than having to watch "The Boy Next Door."
fresh	It's not great. But it's also not bad. And, in the end, that feels like a win.
fresh	... a movie that is so hilariously awful they it is perversely entertaining. It is-at least unintentionally-the laugh-riot of the year.
rotten	"The Boy Next Door" may end up as one of the worst movies of 2015, but it is also one of the most entertaining.
rotten	another talking point in a career which, by all accounts, has come crashing down around its owner
rotten	On a scale of one to Gigli, Jennifer Lopez's latest cinematic sortie is off the charts.
rotten	Lawyer-turned-screenwriter Barbara Curry sticks to the basics with her first script, failing to flesh out her characters while indulging in leapfrogging logic that leads to a weirdly abrupt finish.
rotten	A shopworn thriller that succeeds on a rudimentary level. Based on the gender swap of its central idea, it might as well be titled "Attraction Fatal."
rotten	It's unashamedly of the B-movie variety - a quick and easy time-killer.
fresh	If it's trash, it at least has the sense to be gleeful about it.
rotten	Don't we...and Jennifer Lopez...deserve better than this routine at best possible guilty pleasure?
rotten	A bottom-of-the-barrel endangered woman thriller that even executives over at Lifetime might have dismissed as too hackneyed to be aired.
rotten	"The Boy Next Door" is a string of situations in which the actors' Job One is keeping straight faces while uttering lines like, "A woman like you should be cherished."
rotten	What the film needs is a subversive touch, something that doesn't play it safe. Otherwise, The Boy Next Door is just another pretty face.
rotten	Instead of the criminally realistic, full-bore suspense thriller we might expect, Boy Next Door devolves into inadvertently hilarious Hollywood hokum.
rotten	We're not exactly talking high art here but, even as fun, trashy entertainment, The Boy Next Door falls short of the mark.
rotten	Even on Cinemax with Shannon Tweed in the lead in 1994, The Boy Next Door would still feel laughably overheated and histrionic, low-budget and unhinged.
rotten	I wish "The Boy Next Door" were a different, zingier sort of mediocrity, but whenever it threatens to go the full Zalman King "Two Moon Junction" route, it pulls back and behaves itself and settles for a grindingly predictable series of escalations.
rotten	It's no surprise "The Boy Next Door" is junk. What is disappointing is that it's not fun junk.
rotten	Even in this dreck ... it comes as a bit of a surprise how comfortable and appealing Lopez is on camera.
fresh	Predictable and foolishly unsuspecting characters react in ways that make you want to shake them. But there's an undeniable sense of silly fun in this erotic thriller.
fresh	An absolute triumph of cheese, served with a generous helping of sleaze.
rotten	The well-written thriller is a masterpiece of tension, brought to life by strong performances, a clever plot and ... yeah, of course we're joking. It's a crap movie.
rotten	The Boy Next Door wastes Lopez's talents, just as much of the schlock classic actresses like Joan Crawford or Bette Davis appeared in wasted theirs.
rotten	Why Lopez decided to do this inept, cliche-infested film is anyone's guess.
rotten	It's a movie about a young man with an unhealthy mother fixation, but if you go into it expecting something closer to "Mommie Dearest" than "Psycho," you'll probably have a much better time.
rotten	It feels rushed, bland and cheap. Not only that, but its ancient Greek metaphors slip too easily from Homer to Sophocles.
rotten	Whatever charges you can level at the movie, and they are legion, boring isn't one of them.
rotten	This dreadful film mistakes gross violence for thrills and formula setups for action sequences. J-Lo, usually a controlled screen presence, mostly looks hapless here.
rotten	One of those casually misogynist scare fests, where a woman is punished for her lust.
fresh	So lurid and campy that it registers as inspired, Rob Cohen's low-budget thriller The Boy Next Door takes a Lifetime Original premise ... and pumps it full of Oedipal references and yellow lighting.
rotten	By the end, it's not much fun at all, but at least it's over.
rotten	Mostly commits to the tamely predictable, with not nearly enough crazy to become awesome crap. (Rent Left Behind now.)
rotten	Seems destined to become a camp classic of some kind.
rotten	Isn't even approachable as junk food, failing to turn flatlining material into deliciously sinful escapism. And here I thought Cohen couldn't get any worse than 2012's "Alex Cross." I stand corrected.
rotten	Rob Cohen's The Boy Next Door flips the gender switch on Fatal Attraction and calls it a day.
rotten	Yet another January flop that isn't so much released as written-off by Universal.
rotten	Typical January release: predictable, trashy, over-the-top, but not without entertainment value.
fresh	It isn't nearly as daring or discomfiting as it could be. It is, however, trashy good fun and impressively steamy.
rotten	Boy's premise reeks of stalker-movie mothballs, and it's too timid to fully dive into the high camp it hints at.
rotten	"Despite a sidelong glance at Guzman's behind, the ass-ploitative nature of 'The Boy Next Door' mostly focuses on Lopez herself, a decision that robs the film of the symbiosis of fear and attraction that makes the erotic thriller such escapist fun."
fresh	It's built for dumb, shivery, sexed-up pleasure, and it delivers, albeit somewhat modestly.
rotten	The film's initial formulaic competence gives way to outright preposterousness rather quickly, hinging on idiot-plot character motivations, "It was only a cat!" jump scares and computer files that may as well be labeled "Evil Schemes, 2012-2014."
rotten	As torrid affairs-gone-wrong go, this one's not juicy enough and way too predictable.
rotten	Neither star is very physically believable in her/his role and neither manages to imbue his/her character with much in the way of credible emotion.
fresh	In a sea of superhero movies, romantic comedies and horror, Captive is a good choice for those looking to go a little beyond simple entertainment. [full review Spanish]
fresh	Egoyan trusts his talent to play with mystery, but also relies on our sense of awe and our ability to integrate information given to us, to gradually create a puzzle that ranges from a dark family drama and passionate thriller .[full review in Spanish]
rotten	pretty-looking yet totally dopey
rotten	Earth to Atom, come back to us. We miss you.
rotten	The Captive feels trivial about something that's heinous; and that's BAD.
rotten	The narrative structure proves to be little more than a gimmick masking the lurid melodrama.
rotten	Creepy, disjointed film suffers from poor storytelling.
fresh	Egoyan skilfully brings these story-lines together as the film builds to its disconcerting conclusion.
rotten	For all its problems, The Captive does try to hit the themes that have obsessed Egoyan for three decades: desire, death, memory, and time.
rotten	Becomes baroque and ludicrous as the Hitchcockian scenario loses its psychological bearings in a web of trashy plot twists and self-conscious jumps in time.
rotten	[The Captive] is undone by one too many ill-timed flashbacks and some garish melodrama which reduces the human element.
fresh	"The Captive" may appear to bite off a little more than it can chew but it's one of the most satisfyingly baroque thrillers of the year, and thanks to a perfectly judged performance by Ryan Reynolds, it's quietly heartbreaking, too.
rotten	The infuriatingly vague and downright strange story banishes the haunting delicacy of mood that Mr. Egoyan has conjured so successfully in the past.
rotten	The film is a handy encapsulation of Atom Egoyan's career: a strong start that takes a hairpin turn into the ridiculous.
fresh	It's reminiscent of other recent child-abduction and exploitation films such as Prisoners and The Frozen Ground, but there's something just a little twistedly different that sets it apart.
rotten	Once Egoyan loses interest in an intelligent way out of a harrowing plot, the effort sinks to the level of cheap thrills and easy resolutions.
rotten	The structural gamesmanship is just a smokescreen, a way to obfuscate the pulp nature of what is, ultimately, little more than a glorified, low-aiming potboiler.
rotten	[Egoyan is] still talented enough to give his clunkers an evocative sheen, but if viewers dig an inch below the surface, it's wincing time.
rotten	Surely an Oscar-nominated filmmaker like Atom Egoyan ("The Sweet Hereafter") can do better than this nasty and unconvincing thriller.
rotten	THE CAPTIVE is a disaster, but I must admit that it's at least entertaining in a "wow, I can't believe this exists" kind of way
rotten	When it isn't TV-movie familiar, Egoyan's film is bughouse crazy, mixing in campy pulp elements that bleed pressure away from the story.
rotten	The film's opening scenes promise a much richer film than what's delivered.
rotten	The film has the plot of an intensely lurid thriller, but Atom Egoyan can't bring himself to face that and actively tend to the story; instead, he trades in barely coherent, high-brow euphemisms.
fresh	While The Captive builds strongly in its first act, it ultimately lets itself down with generic plot twists and a largely dissatisfying finale. Egoyan's eye for beauty, however, is unquestionable.
fresh	Films about child abuse inevitably come up against the limits of representation itself: morally and legally, how much is acceptable to show? In this case, Egoyan's decision to skip over the details of what happened to Cass makes the film all the creepier.
fresh	If you are prepared to accept that real life is not predictable, much less real people, The Captive will engage and stimulate you. But you will need to pay attention
fresh	The film is a fragmented essay of ideas haphazardly put together; it's a case of the individual parts being more successful than the whole
fresh	Ryan Reynolds is solid as Matthew and the film looks stunning, cinematographer Paul Sarossy has captured the Ontario winter beautifully. But the production design is strange, [and] quite a few things don't quite gel.
rotten	"The Captive" bores us with its onscreen mystery while leaving another, more important one unanswered: What exactly happened to director Atom Egoyan?
rotten	A ludicrous, unconvincing and unpleasant kidnapping thriller.
rotten	The Captive recapitulates the arc of Egoyan's career: early promise, followed by arrant misfires.
fresh	[Egoyan] builds incredible tension and emotion in this thriller by throwing the audience pieces of the jigsaw -- in the wrong order.
fresh	Artfully toggling between his signature, time-shifting style and mainstream expectations, Egoyan captures,with stylized eeriness, a crime's psychic impact within a jigsaw-like, technology-propelled narrative.
rotten	Without a thin tether to credibility, this fussy, morbid fantasy simply slides off into the void.
rotten	Detective thrillers rarely get as baffling and repugnant as The Captive.
rotten	This is a bit of a lull for this director, and while he continues to explore notions surrounding the loss of a child (a theme consistent with several of his works), it's hard to see that "The Captive" does much to add to his cachet.
fresh	Its eeriness creeps up on you and taps you on the shoulder, and when you spin around, it's still behind you.
rotten	By the end, one wonders less about whether certain characters will survive this ordeal and more about whether certain careers can.
rotten	Distrusts its audience's cognitive abilities, feeling the urge to depict everything as bluntly as possible
rotten	The screenplay clunks and clangs its way through some very hackneyed dialogue.
rotten	Beneath the well-tuned atmospherics lurks a schlocky, ludicrous and distasteful yarn
rotten	For every way that The Sweet Hereafter makes its generic elements seem fresh and even a trifle mysterious, The Captive finds new ways to render them absurd.
rotten	...right down to the nearly synonymous title we get a lurid, silly Prisoners me-too...
rotten	[A] film too absurd to take seriously, but too strange to ignore.
rotten	The director renders an already bogus story more preposterous by lathering it in portentous solemnity ...
rotten	This ludicrous abduction thriller plays like an ill-advised assembly of tropes and themes from Atom Egoyan's highlights reel.
fresh	A complex and teasing drama that mixes together paedophile abduction, video surveillance, enigmatic femmes fatales and Mozart's The Magic Flute.
rotten	Has a grownup person written this script? It is embarrassingly unconvincing.
rotten	With such generic characters and scenarios, it feels like a sitcom pilot, where lessons are learned and, at the end of the day, everyone winds up right back where they started.
fresh	Witty, charming and warm with a fine balance between drama and comedy. It's equally wise, funny and tender.
fresh	I did laugh a few times. There is some funny stuff in this lightweight comedy, but clearly, I'm not the target audience for this film which is aimed a young women.
rotten	Flawed film about friendship has lots of swearing, drinking.
fresh	"Life Partners" may be a dispensable sitcom of a movie, but it's charming and cannily made enough to make you hope that both women will granted other opportunities to show what they can do.
fresh	It's funny and sweet, with a believable friendship at its core and conflict derived from recognizable experiences.
rotten	Unfortunately, Life Partners is more committed to being edgy and relevant than it is to presenting an honest female friendship.
fresh	Why does it feel nearly revelatory to see a film that treats female friendship with respect?
fresh	The two stars display a winning chemistry in this amusingly observant study of female friendship.
rotten	Meester and Jacobs have an easy, authentic chemistry, but there isn't enough structure or storytelling thrust to sustain interest in the plot: Triumphs, calamities and reunions keep happening, but none contains real dramatic heft.
fresh	As vanilla plotting and sameness threaten to take over the feature, the stars utilize their charms and subtleties to find a soul to Life Partners, allowing viewers to appreciate the periodically unbearable realities of friendship.
fresh	Fogel refuses to pander by pretending that the girls can fix everything with a hug. Sacrifices must be made.
fresh	The charming story about millennial confusion is deftly written by Susanna Fogel (who also directs) and Joni Lefkowitz, and the dialog actually sounds like the way a pair of smart and funny twentysomethings might really talk.
rotten	On paper Life Partners has what it takes to be a gem of a character-based indie, but as executed, I'm sorry to report, this movie borders on insufferable.
fresh	Seeing the benefit of two terrific leads in Leighton Meester and Gillian Jacobs, the film always feels like we're being let in on the private conversations of two people living in their own little world.
fresh	Most of the time, the banter doesn't sound like banter; the movie shares Sasha and Paige's unforced shorthand.
fresh	Fogel's focus is female friendship, and the challenges presented by growing older and pairing up. It all makes for a rocky road, regardless of the romantic rival's gender.
fresh	At times "Life Partners" can feel like it's running through a readymade trajectory, elucidating upon a thesis about getting older
rotten	Limited by the same arch tone and flippant jokes that suffocate every other low-budget indie about Gen Y confronting adulthood.
rotten	"A waxen falseness suffuses the stilted, stubbornly generic picture. Like the fast-food mozzarella sticks one of the characters devours in moments of existential woe, it feels like a calculated imitation rather than the real thing."
rotten	Too demure to make us care.
rotten	Settles for sitcom setups and punchlines.... feels both slight and generic.
rotten	It's the kind of safe sitcom romantic comedy I would expect on mainstream TV.
fresh	Meester and Jacobs prove a disarming central couple, and Life Partners' witty script gives them just enough to make up for the excessively familiar manner in which the story unfolds.
rotten	Fogel and Lefkowitz go for a loose, funny vibe that allows them freedom to serve a range of different characters and subplots, but the center of their movie doesn't hold.
fresh	A well-scripted, intriguingly-acted effort to mine the theme of prolonged adolescent best-buddyism through two women.
fresh	Life Partners travels some very familiar ground, but the strength of its writing, the honesty of its plot, and the charm of its leading ladies means that it's a real cut above the rest of its genre brethren.
fresh	Susanna Fogel has created a film that is at times a social satire, a romantic comedy, and a coming-of-age tale all woven together into a satisfying and heartfelt chronicle of a beautiful friendship.
fresh	These characters, all of whom feel fleshed out and thoroughly lived-in, constitute the foundation of a story that unfolds organically, blessedly free of the twee self-regard common to films about millennials in flux.
fresh	[Schwartzman's] unique humour and unexplainable charm are hard to resist.
fresh	What gives Listen up Philip an edge is its willingness to defy this convention.
rotten	The film's scarce glimpses of humanity should add up to more, but ultimately, Listen Up Philip leaves us wondering why we bothered to care.
fresh	There have been many films, such as 'The Artist' which heap a lot of praise on artists like this, but very few films like this one ('Inside Llewyn Davis' would be another) that show the darker side of the creative mind.
rotten	There's something amiss here, something that Eric Bogosian's frequent voiceover intrusions can't adequately explain, even when spelling out Philip's and others' inner thoughts and feelings.
fresh	The title refers to Philip Roth, whose signature is written all over the film's two male protagonists
fresh	Schwartzman is perfectly cast as self-absorbed novelist Phillip Lewis Friedman in this mumblecore infused talker.
fresh	While it eventually falls apart, the feature sustains an intriguing personality and daredevil tone, asking the audience to spend time with total jerk and enjoy it.
rotten	If Philip showed a bit of personality beyond being a boor and a bore, he might be worth almost two hours of attention.
fresh	Assuming provocation is the film's mission, consider it accomplished, even if it's not always original, or pleasant.
fresh	Perry's acerbic sense of the literary/academic lifestyle - which, oddly enough, involves less actual writing and teaching than drinking and "thinking" - is both exceptionally funny and deeply sad.
fresh	The humor of the film comes not quite from wit -- the character isn't witty so much as preciously clever -- but from the sheer audacity of his blindered awfulness and entitled victimhood.
fresh	Schwartzman is never anything less than completely convincing as a brilliant, short-tempered New York writer with a very mean streak.
fresh	Loaded with inside jokes and clever references, it's a meta megathon of Rothian quirks and misanthropy engineered to fit snuggly into Jason Schwartzman's eccentric wheelhouse.
rotten	Despite some scattered big laughs from this collection of insufferable characters, we too often laugh at them rather than with them, and the tedious film ultimately suffocates from its quirks.
fresh	It's like a lost collaboration between Woody Allen and John Cassavetes, filtered through a lens of semi-ironic nostalgia.
fresh	The best movie based on Philip Roth doesn't come from a Philip Roth novel. It's "Listen Up Philip."
fresh	The moral of the story? You may admire the work of great artists, but don't date one.
fresh	Incisive, brutal and often very funny.
fresh	Why would anyone want to spend time with these people? Because they're fools with great gifts, and Perry almost lovingly explores the gulf between the beauty with which they create and the smallness with which they live.
fresh	The creative elite of New York are always a prime target for satire -- so much money, yet so much malaise -- but they're rarely hit as mercilessly as in Alex Ross Perry's Listen Up Philip.
fresh	You know those movies about an abrasive curmudgeon who, in the end, redeems himself and becomes a caring person? "Listen Up Philip" is emphatically not one of those movies.
fresh	There's incendiary comedy in the fierce hostility of young New York writer Philip, and Schwartzman, a specialist in intelligent but hostile male characters, with streaks of sweetness beneath misguided cruelty, has invested himself in a role among roles.
fresh	This is the closest any film has come to apprehending Roth's fiction.
fresh	Alex Ross Perry follows his impressive The Color Wheel with this magnificently observed study of people trapped in uncomfortable spaces with one another.
fresh	This non-brave, non-new world emphasizes Perry's understanding that the lining of every bloated ego is insecurity, and Listen Up Philip works not just as comedy but also as tragedy.
fresh	Written and directed by Alex Ross Perry, Listen Up Philip looks like the kind of movie film classes would study in the 1970s.
fresh	Moss is terrific, as usual.
fresh	But while you'd think audiences would barely even register a cad any more, two new movies - 'Listen Up Philip' and 'Force Majeure' - resurrect the breed with leading men who are almost impossible to empathize with, but compelling nonetheless
fresh	A very entertaining black comedy for very mysterious reasons.
fresh	While the intolerance fueling this dark, existential comedy won't be to everyone's liking, the film's cerebral beat-down is a strange and sardonic thing of beauty.
rotten	How you respond to "Listen Up Philip" might depend on how you respond to a complex, intelligent but thoroughly annoying person who gets up in your face at a party.
fresh	As a rising young novelist in the Philip Roth vein, Schwartzman delivers Perry's dyspeptic, neurotic, supremely arrogant dialogue even better than Perry himself did in the earlier movie.
fresh	Writer-director Perry has made a bracing and very Roth-y study of ambition and itchy literary yearning.
fresh	"Listen Up Philip" works as satire, but it's also as big and messy as one of its novelists' novels.
rotten	"Listen Up Philip" wants to say something meaningful about human relationships. But like a frustrated writer staring at a blank piece of paper, the words just never appear.
fresh	Uncomfortable? Sure. But it's also kind of fantastic.
fresh	A spiky movie about the pointlessness of pettiness.
fresh	a comedic caution on the self destructive inclinations of the ego
rotten	A celebration of male arrogance that pretends to be a condemnation. Because who wouldn't love to spend 108 minutes with an insufferable egotistical 'genius'?
fresh	Gives itself the challenge of making us care about a repugnant ass, and succeeds brilliantly. I loved that this film zigs rather than zagging
fresh	I haven't seen Alex Ross Perry's earlier films Impolex and The Color Wheel, but this makes me feel like catching up.
fresh	Listen Up Philip, the third feature from writer/director Alex Ross Perry, may be this year's most unpleasant movie I've nonetheless thoroughly enjoyed.
fresh	Despite Philip and Ike's deep-set stubbornness, however, the experience of watching Listen Up Philip feels like a revelation.
fresh	A masterpiece.
fresh	Shot in a 1970s, John Cassavettes style with hand-held cameras and lots of beautiful film grain, Listen Up Philip is often funny and fascinating.
fresh	A rueful, remarkable film about how success can feel like defeat. It's funny as hell, but funny in that way where the laughs catch in your throat.
rotten	This romantic egotist is not romantic at all but so shallow that his tearjerker bed story of the accident that deprived him in one blow of parents and unborn sibling rings tasteless and false.
rotten	A central figure who's all bad is even more boring than one who's all good. He has no dramatic stature. He's a case study. The audience should be paid to listen up.
fresh	The movie works on a couple of levels at once, being not only a Rothian story, but a kind of story about Roth - or any writer who's sometimes found it easier to focus on pages than people.
fresh	The terrific cast all delves into the material full-bore, which contributes to its peculiar resonance.
fresh	[T]he film's single-minded depiction of Philip's poisonous personality is almost as fascinating as the character is unpleasant.
rotten	The vainglorious pas de deux between Philip and Zimmerman is entertaining for a while, though the novelty gradually wears off.
fresh	Jason Schwartzman is deadpan dynamite in Alex Ross Perry's poisonous valentine to the New York literary scene. Some audiences just don't cotton to movies with flawed characters you love to hate. Pussies.
fresh	If you've ever sat in a focus group and said, "I wish the characters were more likable," this is not the movie for you.
fresh	As a portrait of a fading scene, it's a celebration and a desecration at the same time.
fresh	In the end, Listen Up Philip is an idiosyncratic comedy-drama that is inexplicably seductive, despite its off-putting elements.
fresh	Words do more than hurt, they also slash and burn in this sharp, dyspeptic, sometimes gaspingly funny exploration of art and life, men and women, being and nonbeing, and the power and limits of language.
fresh	Hardly anyone will feel neutral about this deliberately unfriendly film, but if you don't respond to it with revulsion you'll probably think it's one of the most ambitious and exciting American films of the year.
fresh	It's a movie of aftermaths-yet it crackles with a sense of immediacy, the handheld camera pushing its way into tight emotional spaces, framing the actors in revealing and unflattering close-up.
fresh	As uncomfortably funny as the film is, it isn't really a comedy. It's a character study of an unlikable narcissist whose obliviousness to other people's feelings happens to be hilarious.
rotten	A movie that starts appealingly but gradually comes to seem closed and stuck.
fresh	So much cynicism might be unbearable were it not for the sure hand of director Perry. He, along with narrator Eric Bogosian, approaches the intellectually brilliant, emotionally empty antihero with bemusement.
rotten	A dreadfully depressing screen portrait of a thoroughly obnoxious fiction writer.
fresh	Perry doesn't care to make his hero cute or conventionally redeemable in any way, and he doesn't turn away from the emotional wreckage he leaves in his wake.
fresh	Perry ... draws out one of Schwartzman's most human performances.
rotten	A juvenile experiment in pretentious idiosyncrasy by amateurish writer-director Alex Ross Perry.
fresh	It's a movie that loves boldly "important" '70s-style dust jackets, loves its own lecturing voice (courtesy of neurotic narrator Eric Bogosian) and somehow makes that melange strangely appealing.
fresh	Listen Up Philip feeds off the same fidgety, anxiety-driven humor that drove so many of Woody Allen's classics in the 1970s.
fresh	The film feels very intimate, something largely helped by the hand-held, often shaky, camerawork and 16mm print and everything works to add a greater intimacy to Philip's life.
fresh	Though far from perfect, Alex Ross Perry's new comedy, Listen Up Philip, has a distinct visual style and a biting commentary on the narcissistic mindset of creative people, making it a very enjoyable watch.
fresh	By putting so much weight on his characters' speech, Alex Ross Perry's is an approach with honestly few contemporaries in American independent film.
fresh	What may be one of Jason Schwartzman's funniest roles to date.
fresh	The film feeds off Philip's tart anti-energy; it helps that Schwartzman, in what might be the performance of his career, gives an exhilarating charge even to his ill-tempered sulks.
fresh	Jason Schwartzman shines as a self-absorbed writer who doesn't quite learn the err of his ways in Alex Ross Perry's sharp and darkly funny third feature.
fresh	Listen Up Philip is either one of the funniest dramas or bleakest comedies of the year.
fresh	Alex Ross Perry's third feature film is his most narratively satisfying and intellectually demanding one, demonstrating a maturation in both style and substance.
fresh	Schwartzman is absolute perfect casting.
fresh	Listen Up Philip is the third feature from Alex Ross-Perry, the new master of the awkward and uncomfortable cinematic experience.
fresh	I can't think of a recent movie that stages with as much joy and wonder the sense of living a life that becomes, directly or obliquely, in action or in idea, the stuff of art.
fresh	[An] indisputably talented work for its risk-taking, dark humor and barbed portraiture of creative individuals ...
fresh	A deeply misanthropic portrait of narcissism, the brittle nature of artistic talent and the struggles of living in New York City, this toxic comedy pulls very few punches when it needs to get really nasty.
fresh	Top of the pack and Chris Rock's best movie.
rotten	The banter between Allen and Dawson keeps things ticking over, it's nicely shot and there are some amusing lines. But the rambling structure requires sharper visual gags and much tougher targets.
fresh	Top Five is Chris Rock's latest slice of personal comedy, except New York is the stage and echoes of Woody Allen, Louie C.K, Adam Sandler and Jerry Seinfeld abound.
fresh	There are some great sequences in this film - both comedic and dramatic.
fresh	The overall vibe I get from "Top Five" is that Chris Rock is a smashing talent. The film, and it's very satisfying conclusion, come from a man with his fingers on the pulse of contemporary comedy.
fresh	Strikes a delicate balance between social commentary, show business satire, general vulgarity and legitimate sweetness.
rotten	The time has arrived to finally come out and say that...Chris Rock is a mediocre film director...Given how perceptive, confronting and challenging his stand up work is, it's disappointing to see how tame Rock becomes when he gets behind the camera.
fresh	Benefits from Rock fully exploiting his own persona and his own conflicted experiences of being a famous, rich African American performer.
fresh	It doesn't always work, there are plenty of scenes you wish were better, but it's out there.
fresh	The incomparable Chris Rock is not known for impersonations, but he mimics Woody Allen, Richard Linklater, Louis C.K. and even Federico Fellini in his directorial pet project Top Five.
fresh	The writing here feels like vintage Rock: free-flowing, profane and absolutely hilarious.
fresh	Top Five plays like a great stand-up routine: shambling, honest and packed with laughs - and laughs that stick.
fresh	It's fast and real, funny and outrageous, cutting and poignant by its truthfulness
fresh	A talented comedian (nearly) hits his stride
fresh	This is a funny, loud, profane, obscenity-laced film about the lives of entertainment celebrities, reality TV, alcoholism and show business. The film demonstrates Chris Rock's sharp observations of society and show business.
fresh	The break seems to have allowed Rock a welcome opportunity to freshen his material without softening his edge.
fresh	Top Five is an arty and sincere hangout with an incredible cast of characters.
fresh	It has that rom-com formula framework, but Rock turns it on its head for a snappy, contemporary and entertaining ride.
rotten	While Top Five is certainly Rock's best work as a filmmaker, it's also proof that he shouldn't quit his day job yet.
fresh	Written and directed by Rock, this meta-saturated comedy/drama may be the biggest surprise of this holiday film season.
fresh	Rock's best work yet.
rotten	It's much less savvy than his stand-up observations.
fresh	What follows is part meet-cute, part examination of fame, and all Rock.
fresh	When it's just Andre and Chelsea, wandering the streets of New York and getting to know each other, Top Five is as good as Rock has ever been on-screen.
fresh	Chris Rock's Top Five is very funny -- no surprise there -- but it's also unexpectedly romantic.
fresh	[Rock's] conversations with Dawson crackle with intelligence and sexual chemistry, and a parade of guest artists -- some playing characters, others as themselves -- is folded into the mix with a minimum of awkwardness.
rotten	As a director, Chris Rock makes a fine stand-up comic.
fresh	If you want to see one of the richest, most complex female characters in American film this year, go to the picture that's being marketed as a dirty-talking ethnic comedy.
rotten	When it feels loose and lived-in, it starts clicking into place. But when it pushes its characters toward unearned saccharine, it feels as fake as the industry it's supposed to be satirizing.
rotten	Rock is sharpest in observational mode, riffing on Andre's career, but the movie falters when the routine plot devices kick in.
fresh	Top Five is easily the "Avengers" of comedians where the laugh meter never drops from its highest point.
fresh	Chris Rock has made an entertainment that is not only a wild and rich study of his lead character but the character of the filmmaker himself.
fresh	A clever, laff-a-minute adventure worth the investment for the hilarity, even if it telegraphs where the love story might be headed.
fresh	I think I would still rather watch Rock hold a press conference about "Top Five" than actually act in it, but the movie is the nearest we've come to hearing Rock's authentic comic voice on film.
fresh	Multi-hyphenate Chris Rock kills in the hilarious account of a stand-up comic turned movie star that wants to be taken seriously.
fresh	As a writer, Rock sets up one volatile situation after another, no sweat, and as a director, he captures his performers at their most explosively spontaneous.
fresh	Top Five is the film that bridges the gap between the creator's on-screen and stage personas. Skillfully dancing the line between harsh and hopeful, Rock delivers his medicine with a delicious spoonful of honey.
fresh	Very funny, yes, but it also represents a clear statement from Rock about his career. It's his best film by a considerable margin.
fresh	Chris Rock keeps wanting to be a social commentator just when this movie really needs him to be a character.
fresh	...Rock proves here that his comic groove is stronger than ever.
fresh	It's a big leap forward for Rock as both an actor and a filmmaker, written and directed with the nervous, live-wire energy that has eluded his on-screen work for so long.
fresh	The settings for conversation are awfully contrived, but wow, are those conversations good.
fresh	Top Five is the funniest movie I've seen this year, and the calendar's running out.
fresh	The best comedy of the year.
fresh	A seriously funny, semi-autobiographical film that might be the most accomplished work Chris Rock has ever done for the big screen.
fresh	Top five thoughts that crossed my mind as I watched Top Five.
rotten	Rock is incisive in this new comedy but the film's reliance on crude and unfunny set-ups really prevents it from reaching the heights it's aiming for.
fresh	The tone is predominately blue, but never blue enough to obscure the heart of a surprisingly moving tale that will leave you debating whether those tears on your cheeks are from laughter or emotion.
fresh	When it comes to comedy, funny always wins, and Chris Rock's third directorial effort does run on engagingly amusing riffs. But Top Five also steers hard into undisciplined storytelling...
fresh	Top Five is Rock's greatest accomplishment yet, mixing his signature brand of comedy with a hip and savvy filmmaking technique borrowed from some of cinema's finest.
fresh	The unadulterated Chris Rock turns out to be Stardust Memories meets Do the Right Thing. Raucous and scathing.
fresh	[Rock] has directed and starred in the finest movie of his career to date.
fresh	Top Five is filled with the kind of smart, lewd dialogue that has made Rock a standup god. And for the first time in his career, Rock has the authority, charisma and screen presence of a real movie star.
fresh	It doesn't always hit its mark, but even its misses feel personal and unself-conscious - a genuine reflection of Chris Rock, auteur.
fresh	Rock is brilliant at finding common ground while mapping the boundaries between black and white realities, which is why Top Five is a truly interesting -- and frequently very funny -- film.
fresh	Like Rock's best stand-up shows, Top Five mixes the sweet with the salty, the naughty with the remarkably kind. It celebrates the darkly hilarious with the light of whip-smart observations.
rotten	For an ostensibly soul-deep movie like this to work, we need more than smirks and scowls.
rotten	Full of uneven drama but where is the comedy!
fresh	Top Five finds Rock in an elevated form, at 49. Things change, sometimes for the better.
rotten	"Top Five" will be hailed as revolutionary by some --- but definitely not by David or me.
rotten	If seeing Cedric the Entertainer naked in a threesome is amusing, then this is your kind of movie.
fresh	Ragged around the edges and haphazardly hilarious though it may be, "Top Five" ultimately satisfies as an often raunchy ramble about celebrity, sobriety, selling out and sex, courtesy of the immensely talented but too-often subpar movie star Chris Rock.
fresh	Extremely enjoyable ...
fresh	It's fun to watch Chris Rock; it's just fun. And there are parts of this film where it's fun to watch him in exactly the ways he wants it to be.
fresh	The basic outline of Rock's script is standard romcom...but Rock uses it to examine show biz, celebrity, addiction, discrimination and family in painfully funny fashion. It's Rock's hip hop homage to Woody Allen and his own stand up roots.
fresh	There are a fair number of decent -- if decidedly adult -- laughs to be had. (Full Content Review -- Sex, Profanity, etc. -- for Parents also available)
rotten	Here are the Top Five reasons Chris Rock's latest deserves little of the hype it's receiving.
fresh	Among Chris Rock's films, this is more than in the top five. It is number one.
fresh	Welcome back, Chris Rock.
fresh	[Rock is] still not all the way there in "Top Five," his third effort as writer-director-star. But the movie has so many laughs it hardly matters.
fresh	An innovative take on familiar material, Top Five is an exquisitely paced, rich, idiosyncratic, satirical, yet deeply moving free-form comedy about a Hollywood star who is shadowed for one day by a New York Times reporter.
fresh	All of this is very funny, informed by Rock's insider's view of big-time show business, made specific by his unique perspective on race and class, success and failure.
fresh	Rock's brilliant skewering of Hollywood, celebrities and the fans obsessed with their every move results in one of the year's smartest, insightful and terrifically funny films of the year.
fresh	It is the funniest movie of the year, in part because it is so sharply observed.
fresh	[T]he film has a lot to say about the nature and perils of fame, and it does so with Rock's observant and caustic humor.
fresh	It's a slap-happy movie and often scurrilously funny - the sound of a gifted comic mind finally finding its onscreen voice.
fresh	A romantic comedy that's also an extended riff on art, identity, authenticity and what it means to be a black entertainer ...
fresh	The movie, which alternates between hilariously vulgar gags and some electric improvs and riffs by Rock and his cast of all-stars, has the crackle and pop of a live performance - it energizes you.
fresh	Combining the best of Woody Allen and his own particular urban perspective, Rock has come up with one of the funniest films of 2014.
fresh	'Top Five' is a welcome transition for Chris Rock, who has always been funny; here he artfully blurs the lines between real-life and fiction.
fresh	The movie marks the first time Rock's stand-up persona - cutting, vulnerable, afraid of no sacred cows - has survived intact on the way to the multiplex. That alone is reason for fans to celebrate.
fresh	Rock is on a roll again.
fresh	To the writing, Rock brings the discipline of his stand-up. Even with some improvisation, there is not one throwaway line in this fat-free script.
fresh	It can be delightful, intelligent, crude, clumsy and culturally tone-deaf, depending on which scene is rolling by. One minute it's a major letdown, the next minute a joy to watch.
fresh	Raunchy in extremis, often funny and at times touching, "Top Five" is Chris Rock's sincere attempt to craft a film career largely detached from his stand-up clowning.
fresh	The sweetest surprise in this raunchy comic ride is how artfully Rock lets down his guard. His confident, prowling wit as a stand-up has finally found its way to the screen, enhanced by a bracing vulnerability.
fresh	Mr. Rock has made a pyrotechnic pinwheel of a personal comedy, and he's had the wisdom to share it with a strong co-star. While he sends sparks flying every which way, Rosario Dawson keeps the story grounded in calm intelligence and classic romance.
fresh	Rock lets his humor play broadly, but he fills out the space between gags with smart writing and pointed social insights.
fresh	Top Five entertains more than any previous film in which Rock was top-billed primarily because its content as well plays like an extension of Rock's stand-up act.
rotten	"Top Five" may be Chris Rock's biggest and boldest film as a director and writer, but a sharper, smarter, realer script would have made it far more than just a lazy, lightweight laughfest.
fresh	Top Five is Rock's most accomplished work yet, a truly personal story whose comedic riffs on love, race, sex, and celebrity are carefully woven into a credible romantic plot.
fresh	"Top Five" has the bright, high-gloss feel of the most delicious wish-fulfillment fantasies, but it derives its spiky, propulsive energy from the adamantly forthright figure at its center.
fresh	In "Top Five," you sense Rock trying to load all these disparate talents onto a conventional romantic-comedy structure. It's a close call, but it holds.
fresh	Rock is too nimble and original to fall back on Hollywood conventions here. He uses this plot as a springboard for a manic ride through several days in Andre's nutty, combustible life.
fresh	What lingers hours later aren't just the laughs but the people.
fresh	With "Top Five," Rock has finally made the transition to true movie stardom.
fresh	The semi-autobiographical nature of Rock's film makes Top Five's satiric points about black performers in the entertainment industry fall all the more precisely.
fresh	"Top Five" is a funny movie, but Rock has his sights set higher than lowbrow, and for the most part, he succeeds.
fresh	Rock's ambitious passion project - he wrote, directed and stars in it - is a bawdy, uninhibited yet thoughtful social satire about fame vs. artistic fulfillment.
fresh	It paints with a broad brush... but the journey is nonetheless entertaining, and at times wildly funny.
fresh	An introspective look at stardom that happens to be the funniest movie of the year.
fresh	Funnier than it is smart.
fresh	When it's funny, it works alarmingly well, capturing the coarseness of Rock's comedy and his ease with other comedians.
fresh	A disorganized, dawdling mess of a movie that is rarely anything less than charming.
fresh	Rock's fast-talking rhythms are all over this movie, and they lift it up; it's like dropping in on a party full of funny people, and leaving before the evening fades.
fresh	Just when it seemed like Chris Rock had already done plenty for the culture, along comes his latest work as a writer and director, "Top Five." And it's one of the most vibrant, sly romantic comedies this year.
fresh	Even when it falls flat, Top Five has ambition, which is more than you could say about the majority of Rock's previous film work.
rotten	As an actor, Rock doesn't create much of a spark with Dawson, and as a director, he tends to let scenes go on too long.
fresh	Rock still hasn't figured out exactly what he wants you to think of him, but the way the film reflects that uncertainty may be the most interesting thing about it.
fresh	You come away from it with the thrilling sensation that you're seeing an artist you thought you knew reinvent himself.
fresh	You'll likely leave the theater smiling. And when's the last time you cold say that about a Chris Rock movie?
fresh	A relentlessly filthy and unbearably entertaining crowd-pleaser that actually needs to be seen in a theater with a lathered-up group.
fresh	Rock has said that he wanted to make a movie that captures the energy of his stand-up. Top Five fits the bill.
fresh	On the surface, a lost-artist comedy in the vein of Woody Allen's Stardust Memories, but more deeply, a referendum on the dead-end choices Rock himself might be feeling.
rotten	[Top Five is] indeed funny in spots, but often thin and underdeveloped as well as improbable.
fresh	It's a comedy with a serious side - and yet it feels completely natural when it suddenly segues into over-the-top set pieces (including one fairly surreal stretch in Houston involving Cedric the Entertainer you can't un-see).
fresh	This is the movie I've been waiting for Chris Rock to make his entire career. It's his stand-up sensibility, perfectly translated to film.
fresh	Funny...but unfortunate coincidences? Police brutality, a black man in a choke hold, a comic singing the praises of Bill Cosby, a man acting as if he doesn't "get" rape, and the reminder that this might be the last time we see Tracy Morgan in a movie
fresh	Rock's frank, personal, semi-autobiographical, ferociously 21st-century comedy feels like its own special animal... This sweet small crazy blunt bittersweet dirty ----- comedy vaults in every moment into a superior comic stratosphere.
fresh	Top Five is a fiercely honest and very funny passion project for Chris Rock that works best when it channels the comic actor's brazen energy.
fresh	Rock has said that he worked on the screenplay during his downtime while co-starring in "Grown Ups 2." If that's the case, then we finally have a reason to be grateful for that atrocious Adam Sandler debacle.
fresh	In spite of its silly attitude, the movie asks real questions about the tension between show business and artistic desire.
fresh	Top Five is a reminder that as often as comedy fails us, sometimes it's our best hope for resuscitation. Seeing it at the end of a crap week, I suddenly felt I could breathe again.
fresh	This is the movie we've been waiting for Chris Rock to make.
fresh	As a social satirist, Chris Rock adroitly balances bawdy abrasiveness with the awareness of a black man blindsided by his own success.
fresh	Chris Rock wrote, directed, and stars in this genial, splendidly constructed, occasionally hilarious comic drama with a reflexive twist.
fresh	Chris Rock never loses sight of the laughs for his most personal film yet.
fresh	It's also smarter and richer and more mature than the "romantic comedy" needs to be, and seems to promise a whole new Chris Rock.
rotten	For a movie trying so hard to challenge the notion of what we expect from celebrities, I was surprised how many times Top Five followed the conventional Hollywood formula.
fresh	Rock spins his familiarity with the industry to get goofy and hilarious results, but as the day progresses he surprises us with an overwhelming sense of vulnerability and pain - an aspect of the business often taken for granted.
rotten	The somewhat watchable vibe lasts up until the movie enters its hopelessly misguided third act...
fresh	Rock's third directorial effort proves to be his strongest and most similar to his rollicking standup routines.
fresh	Could go toe-to-toe with the very best of Rock's standup. The movie he's been working towards his entire career.
fresh	[Top Five] is a charmingly tough-knuckled expression of an artist's vision in a pure and classic mode. With Top Five, Chris Rock has made his Annie Hall.
fresh	It can be hard for a movie to dwell on the problems of the rich and famous without seeming a touch self-serving, but Rock always keeps things in perspective.
fresh	Happily, at the ripe young age of 49, Rock has hit a career high with his new film Top Five.
fresh	The writing is strong enough that when the humor gives way to drama in the second half, there's enough at stake to keep us interested, although Rock still has plenty of jokes in store for the finale.
fresh	Top Five is a film broad and filthy enough for multiplex appeal, but also sufficiently arch to satisfy those who fancy themselves a little more sophisticated.
fresh	The mess never coheres, but it sends off you on a high anyway.
fresh	Fresh, accessible, delightfully performed and downright hilarious.
fresh	I stopped writing off Rock as a filmmaker when he swerved left to remake an Eric Rohmer movie...
fresh	While Rock calls in a lot of friends for backup on "Top Five," his confidence as a leading man, writer and director had never been sharper.
fresh	We're never far from the sea in this film and it's one of most lushly shot oceans, real or drawn, that I've ever seen. It breathes life onto the screen.
fresh	Magic and mysticism inhabit visual style in Moore's Irish fairy tale
fresh	While the story and animation are a bit more straightforward this time, the movie still contains an ocean of enchantment.
fresh	"Song of the Sea" is the best feature-length animated film of 2014.
fresh	Like Miyazaki, Moore isn't afraid to take the time to breathe deeply, savor moments of silence and beauty, and open the door to wonder and mystery.
fresh	The hands-on, hand-drawn animation seems appropriate: This fantasy of a brother and sister in momentary crisis welcomes the viewer with open arms into an embrace of color and emotion.
fresh	Irish illustrator/filmmaker Tomm Moore, also the director of the Oscar-nominated animated feature The Secret of the Kells, brings yet more magic to the screen here.
fresh	Breathtakingly beautiful.
fresh	Like Miyazaki, Moore may trade in fantasy and myth, but his movies speak in sweeping truths that track straight to the heart of the kid in everyone.
fresh	This beautifully animated Irish fable has a grace and emotional resonance ...
fresh	"Song of the Sea" creates a magical world, one that pulls you in and leaves you, when it's over, feeling changed by the journey.
fresh	Sweet, aesthetically breathtaking ...
fresh	An Oscar contender that should've been an Oscar winner
fresh	Song of the Sea is an impressive feat of animation, made all the more enjoyable by the fact that it's not trying to sell anything.
fresh	Prettily animated family adventure infused with Irish folklore and traditional Celtic design makes for a change of pace from slick Hollywood cartoons.
fresh	Moore manages this life-affirming touch without being preachy and by simply melding unusual old folktales into a new story filled with visually stunning images sure to captivate children of all ages.
fresh	Moore's second film continues his aesthetic style ... It's like a storybook in motion.
fresh	Irish director Tomm Moore's animated beauty Song of the Sea tells the sort of story that makes you crave the flickering of firelight or wish for the warmth of a blanket pulled up to your chin while mom or dad reads a bedtime tale.
fresh	Irish animator Tomm Moore follows his celebrated feature debut, The Secret of Kells, with another ravishing fantasy based on Irish folklore.
fresh	The ethereal Irish animated fantasy Song of the Sea looks like a beautifully illustrated children's storybook, one in which you slowly turn the pages to fully savor the imagery enhancing the tale being told.
fresh	An animated film about a magical world that casts an enchanted spell of its own.
fresh	[Moore] turns to Irish folklore for his story, incorporating the Pictish markings of stone carvings and shapes from nature into his stunning animation design. ..resembles a mosaic not unlike the Scottish jewelry made from the dyed stems of heather
fresh	It's a small miracle that an animator as talented as Tomm Moore exists and can make small, heartfelt movies like Song of the Sea.
fresh	A film about terrible things that ensue when overprotective love separates a child from her heritage and represses the natural expression of grief.
fresh	A picture that clicks on all cylinders.
fresh	A transcendent work from Ireland's Cartoon Saloon studio that's almost wasted on kids.
fresh	Hand-drawn and steeped in Irish folklore, it is a profoundly moving experience rife with charm, wisdom, and beauty.
fresh	Enchants on every level: story, voice work, drawing and music.
fresh	The filmmakers evoke earned emotion with gentle hands. Even the monstrous antagonist is presented in such an unadorned fashion as to make it almost normal - and therefore creepier.
fresh	You'll leave the film knowing more than you might have imagined about Irish culture, but never once feeling subjected to anything Very Special or Good for You.
fresh	Put simply, a tale worth telling set in a world worth looking at.
fresh	It's a refreshing respite from popular kids' fare, an extended bedtime story that has its share of harrowing moments but gradually wraps the soul in a warm blankie.
fresh	A gorgeously crafted take on Celtic myths and sibling bonds, "Sea" is a soulful smash.
fresh	...argues that grief and sadness have their proper place in the childhood experience.
fresh	If I had to recommend the best children's film out there for all ages, this one, and The Tale of Princess Kaguya, would easily top the charts.
fresh	"Song of the Sea" is a wonder to behold. This visually stunning animation masterwork, steeped in Irish myth, folklore and legend, so adroitly mixes the magical and the everyday that to watch it is to be wholly immersed in an enchanted world.
fresh	Mr. Moore's second feature, "Song of the Sea," amply fulfills the shining promise of the first one.
fresh	...a sweet journey of love and loss through Celtic mythology with a unique animation style that continues to surprise as it evokes a particular place and time.
fresh	Beautiful Irish tale explores myths, sibling relationship.
fresh	Song Of The Sea is a triumph of design and animation.
fresh	Visually splendid, but generically flat-footed, "Song of the Sea" is an animated fantasy that comes close to greatness, but is rarely as clever as it is comforting.
fresh	Inviting? Very much so.
fresh	It's an absolutely visceral stunner: you may find yourself wishing you could interact with its characters, live in its vividly realized world, participate in its defining ancestral conflicts.
fresh	"Song of the Sea" moves delicately but purposefully from pain to contentment and from anger to love.
fresh	The outcome is animation so imaginative and rich that I'm sorry to admit I longed for a bit more Pixar-brand pizzazz to perk up the sluggish plot and characters - just a bit, mind you.
rotten	Moore's film is so busy ladling on the sweet ethereal frosting of its world that Ben and Saoirse feel less like characters than they do ornamental toppings ...
fresh	They don't make movies like this anymore - except when, lucky us, they do.
fresh	In an era of big studio 3D CG films, The Song of the Sea offers a lovely reminder of the personal visions drawn animation can offer.
fresh	The film's deliberate pace and fey quality feel of an earlier age, made almost more for adults trying to recapture a sense of magical possibility.
fresh	The picture is beautifully rendered in pencils and watercolors, with some CG, giving it an appropriately timeless storybook look, even though it's set in a mostly modern world of buses and 3-D glasses.
fresh	Song of the Sea...is one of the most visually exciting and gorgeous films of the year.
fresh	In depths of wells and the North Atlantic, chapels and caves, woods and even urban places, the land is permeated with magic, little people, transformations, Celtic twilight.
fresh	An Irish folktale about facing our fears, embracing death and human frailty, walking in wonder and returning home as transformed lovers.
fresh	Song of the Sea is another satisfying smack in the face of computer-generated 3D animation from Irish director Tomm Moore, after his earlier, Oscar-nominated The Secret of Kells.
fresh	A quite delightful piece of magical animation.
fresh	In a worthy follow-up to The Secret of Kells, Moore applies his dazzling hand-drawn style to another tale inspired by Irish legend.
fresh	This congenial animation may be somewhat unconventional, but children should respond to this nonetheless - and if not, parents most certainly will.
fresh	When the focus is firmly on McGregor and Thwaites, the movie crackles; the actors rip into the toxic father-son dynamic between their characters, and their rapport gives the key action sequences a real kick.
fresh	Julius Avery wrote and directed with an eye toward a fast pace and grim atmospherics.
fresh	It's done extremely well and with a great deal of verve.
fresh	A reasonably engaging thriller, Son of a Gun is most notable for reminding us of that Ewan McGregor still possesses that irresistibly dangerous and edgy quality that propelled him to stardom in Shallow Grave and Trainspotting.
fresh	This may not be the brightest thriller in the cinema, but it's made with such a ripping sense of energy that it's thoroughly entertaining.
fresh	This is a film of tough men doing tough things, of shoot outs and car chases, and of backstabbing double crosses. This is what has been missing from action cinema lately, and it is refreshing and exciting to see something so propulsive.
fresh	The tension comes and goes and crime thriller cliches are dutifully observed (call it a B+ movie), but writer-director Julius Avery displays a muscular touch behind the camera.
rotten	The implausibility of the narrative sinks "Son of a Gun." And, the performances fail to heighten the experience.
rotten	A not-so-thrilling heist thriller that drones along mechanically between explosions and car crashes with Ewan McGregor, who is making entirely too many movies these days, none of them worth writing home about.
fresh	Part gritty prison drama, part hard-boiled gangster thriller and part crafty heist caper, Son of a Gun switches genres with profligate ease.
fresh	Unlikely discussions about the differences between chimps and bonobos provide sub-Tarantino laughs, and the heist is handled with stripped-down B-movie efficiency.
rotten	Although the hectic genre-swapping action should keep you marginally entertained, you'll be able to guess precisely what's going to happen long before it actually does.
fresh	A nerve-wracking thrill ride with surprises, wit and no small amount of heart, Son of a Gun's full of genre excitement and promise for Avery's future.
fresh	McGregor sails through the movie, obviously having great fun as a recidivist thief who won't let anything get in the way of his plans, and doe-eyed Thwaites is appealingly naive ...
fresh	From here, the film begins its rapid slide into absurdity, invoking every action movie cliche imaginable.
fresh	Son of a Gun is an entertaining heist thriller starring Ewan McGregor that takes the well-trodden territory of the prison break and the criminal afterlife and sets it in the gold mines, beach resorts and skanky motels of Australia.
fresh	McGregor, who is having a bit of comeback moment right now, is kind of great as the ruthless antihero, and the action set pieces have plenty of fizz.
rotten	Misogynistic, predictable, crammed with tonal shifts, and devoid of likable characters. Another young filmmaker has taken all the wrong cues from Hollywood.
rotten	Superficial pleasures aside, this sun-bleached buddy crime flick is too light for the long game.
fresh	The only issue with his film - and it's a minor caveat - is that, somehow, it still feels like a series of accomplished shorts.
fresh	There are some exciting set pieces and McGregor is unusually but effectively cast as a hardboiled lifer.
fresh	While not breaking any new ground narratively, Son of a Gun is a solid prison-heist-escape movie with a truly terrific turn from Ewan McGregor.
rotten	Both Thwaites and McGregor are fine performers, but JR and Brendan are drawn in such broad, obvious strokes that it's impossible to get under the skin of their dynamic.
fresh	It's all put together with a crisp confidence that suggests its writer-director will swiftly move on to bigger things.
fresh	Never sure if it wants to be a hard-edged character drama or pacy action-thriller, Son Of A Gun has plenty to admire between the tonal wobbles.
rotten	The formulaic tendencies outmuscle the scrappy ambition in this uneven crime thriller.
fresh	It's a little heavy on incident, and a little light on soul.
rotten	Another crime film that's learned all it knows about criminal life from better crime films.
rotten	"Son of a Gun" is a derivative crime thriller that sputters when it should propel, skims when it should probe.
rotten	"Son of a Gun" adds to the mystique that Australian crime films are meaner, nastier and more brutish than their American counterparts. But it changes style roughly every half-hour.
fresh	Son Of A Gun has the gritty, rough feel of 1970s heist/hit picture.
rotten	A talented cast is squandered in this derivative, far-fetched Australian crime action- thriller which misfired on home soil.
fresh	Son Of A Gun, twists together a surprisingly original heist story with a more commonplace meditation on the ugliness (and the sometimes inevitability) of revenge.
rotten	A thoroughly generic action flick in which a gang of thieves without much honor attempt to pull off one last big heist.
rotten	There's a pretty good prison saga here, one which gets rudely interrupted by an unimaginative prison break followed by a flaccid romance.
rotten	The film's trajectory is as predictable as a bullet's: There's crosses and double-crosses, clumsily inserted strip club scenes, and instant professions of eternal love
rotten	First-time director Julius Avery plays the action by the book. None of the plot twists - from the central heist to a distracting romance - is particularly persuasive.
rotten	Begins with an enticingly dark first act in jail, but descends steadily downward into a mass of cliches.
rotten	Aside from McGregor's turn to the dark side, rather humdrum and routine
rotten	While Avery handles the kinetic action set-piece with impressive swagger for a first-timer, his self-penned screenplay is a major weak point.
fresh	The film is a little hit-and-miss at times, but when McGregor is front-and-centre it has real energy and you are reminded just what a fine screen performer he is.
fresh	A strong change-of-pace for McGregor and well-worth checking out for action fans.
rotten	It looks the part of a great heist movie but doesn't compare to those that that truly are.
rotten	The film has the requisite iconography of a crime thriller, but no investment in any of it.
fresh	Son of a Gun is tough and vivid, and it's perfectly enjoyable in the moment.
fresh	Does a laudable job steering the feature away from outright cliche, pumping the picture full of action and heated confrontations, while the details of hood life are arranged interestingly
fresh	Aussie writer-director Julius Avery's over-plotted feature debut is a gritty crime flick that crackles with menace and explores the age-old question of whether there's honor among thieves.
fresh	A stylish brute of a crime thriller, all cocksure and action-ready and desperate not to be taken at face value. It is a stretch, considering it falls into stereotypes.
fresh	In the end, it's not a movie of character but plot. Its excitement is waiting for the next elaborate move and waiting to see how it plays out.
fresh	At best, the pic serves as a showy grab-bag of thriller varieties for which the helmer demonstrates equal aptitude; at worst, it points to a narrative attention span that hasn't yet evolved from his award-winning short film work.
fresh	Son of a Gun is Grand Theft Auto Western Australia in the best and worst possible ways.
fresh	Terrific, taut, tense, balls-to-the-wall action heist film by formidably talented first-time Perth writer/director Julius Avery.
rotten	The scripting here isn't clever enough (Russian mobsters yet again, really?) to keep us caring who might be holding the upper hand as the white lies and black eyes just keep on coming.
fresh	Well, I went along with it and I really enjoyed it and I thought there is a new talent here and I'm giving it three and a half stars.
rotten	There are worse ways to spend a couple of hours, especially if you're a fan of the film's Australian crime predecessors, but the film's forgotten almost as soon as the credits roll.
rotten	The screenplay offers no insights whatsoever into the characters, especially that of the young protagonist, the enigmatically named JR (Brenton Thwaites).
fresh	Despite diminishing returns, Son Of A Gun is still a chunky little movie with a lot going for it.
fresh	The action sequences are tense and well-executed and the performances are strong, but the film slips away a little in the later stages, caught up in too many plot twists, turns and somewhat unlikely contrivances.
fresh	Son of a Gun is silly but fun entertainment marred by slow patches, wonky writing and unempathetic characters.
fresh	The deliberately chaotic climax is smoothly sustained, and some adroitly applied plot twists revealing the final shape of things has the McGregor grin flashing and fading then doing it all over again.
fresh	Appropriately visceral, purposely cast and staged with memorable action sequences.
fresh	Avery fashions a gritty, authentic mood in the opening scenes among the prisoners in maximum security, and carries it through to the satisfying conclusion
fresh	The debut feature from director Julius Avery, this enjoyable Aussie crime thriller holds its own, largely due to the winning combination of Ewan McGregor and Brenton Thwaites as the master crim and his apprentice
rotten	There's never a moment when Young seems in control of her material, while the performers flail and flounder, trying to unearth some measure of truth in the hoariest plot twist.
fresh	Island of Lemurs: Madagascar is only 40 minutes long, so there isn't a ton of depth; the movie is a nice overview, at best. But it's a fun overview for the whole family - one that may inspire you to learn more.
fresh	The photography is vibrant, the lemurs adorable, and aside from some mild eco-lecturing, the tone is warm and fuzzy.
fresh	All interesting enough stuff set to some amazing images but it does become a little worthy and dull when it comes to celebrating Dr Patricia Wright and her efforts to ensure the survival of the species.
fresh	It may share a narrator with March Of The Penguins but this short doc is happily more sturdily scientific.
fresh	The gorgeous 3D certainly brings us nose to tail with these heavily anthropomorphised cuties, even if the actual wildlife lesson's a bit thin on the ground, owing to a very reduced running time.
fresh	Saving The Lemurs
rotten	It's the human element in Island of Lemurs: Madagascar that disappoints.
fresh	The animated lemurs make kids laugh in Madagascar, but the real-life ones in Island of Lemurs: Madagascar should enthrall and inspire even the youngest.
fresh	Apart from one element it's a thoroughly likable, though hardly overwhelming, travelogue.
fresh	No Disney anthropomorphizing, just exotic Madagascar and adorable lemurs in IMAX 3D. Gorgeous
fresh	We get a feast for the eyes and the ears, if not the mind.
fresh	The film is an equally fun and sobering look at the lives of these animals, along with the evolving efforts to try and save this distant cousin of humans.
fresh	The cinematography is spectacular, the soundtrack is decent (if relentlessly upbeat) and your little monkeys will most likely leave the cinema infused with a lust for nature.
fresh	Enchanting and educational, delivering its ecological message about conservation in a most delightful way.
fresh	Island of Lemurs Madagascar is a terrific IMAX 3D look at these primates, categorized as the world's most endangered mammals.
rotten	It's challenging to enjoy this rushed and incomplete film purely for what it is rather than fault it for what it could have been. It feels like an elementary-school field trip rather than a film ready for nationwide IMAX distribution.
fresh	...Island of Lemurs: Madagascar, on a purely visual level, is one of the more amazing things you're likely to see in a theater this year.
fresh	While Island of Lemurs: Madagascar occasionally rises to the beauty of its subject, it's hard to ignore the fact that it is an oversimplified look at a complex problem.
rotten	What results is a lopsided, put-upon narrative of survival where humans, and not the animals themselves, are the ones celebrated.
fresh	This brief but highly fascinating and informative film enlightens us regarding the world of these odd-looking but loveable creatures.
fresh	Jeanne was particularly taken with the fact that females dominate the males, making all the key decisions in their island exploration. She could hardly contain her glee at our screening.
fresh	Nature docu explores fascinating world & history of lemurs.
fresh	I'd suggest you "move it, move it" to the theater and catch this entertaining and enlightening film. (Full Content Review for Parents also Available)
fresh	"Island of Lemurs: Madagascar" accomplishes a great deal in its 40-minute running time, entertaining and educating us while delivering a message about preservation that's clear without being heavy-handed.
fresh	Lovingly captures lemurs in the wild, while clearly displaying how humans have become a part of this environment for better or worse.
fresh	No matter which variety the film is spotlighting, they have a power to fascinate.
fresh	The technology impressively embraces the audience, putting us in the middle of the rain forest, face to face with curious, beady eyes.
rotten	Even at a meager 40 minutes, the film feels padded.
fresh	This 3-D IMAX documentary puts its best paw forward with a funny and exuberant title sequence, followed by 40 minutes of phenomenal footage of lemurs in their native habitat of Madagascar.
fresh	If you don't already love lemurs, you will after taking this brief but illuminating tour of the exotic primate's island home off the African coast.
fresh	This Morgan Freeman-narrated documentary doesn't stray much from the nature-doc formula of making its stars look frisky and winsome while sprinkling in a few info-nuggets about the critters (they're older than dinosaurs!). And that's just fine.
rotten	I'm thinking a better title for this pedestrian doc might be Born to Be Mild.
rotten	Island of Lemurs gives out just enough information to justify school trips, but not enough to merit return visits.
rotten	Part sumptuous IMAX documentary, part fervent but dull conservationist pitch, Island Of Lemurs seems destined instead for an obscurity all too familiar to nature films not released by Disneynature.
fresh	A serviceable Imax 3D nature documentary that duly meets the requirements of the form: majestic and intimate outdoor imagery, a grave yet reassuring lesson on the importance of wildlife preservation, and a short-and-sweet 40-minute running time.
rotten	Much of the climactic energy is focused on a series of trumped-up, ultraviolent fight sequences. Most of the narrative depth gets lost in the process.
rotten	Piles of noirish exposition get the better of Jason Statham in this unpleasantly retrograde crime drama. What happened in Vegas should have stayed there.
fresh	Unjustly ignored.
fresh	Heaven knows what Brian De Palma (originally slated to direct) would have made of it, but nuts-and-bolts man Simon West, with whom Statham remade The Mechanic, keeps things simple.
rotten	Wild Card clearly has aspirations beyond the beat-em-up genre. But it sorely lacks any connection between the characters and the viewer, failing to establish and relatable moments to rouse our interest.
rotten	The fight scenes are deadpan and electric, as they should be in a Statham film, but the attempts at comedy and pathos are sorely misjudged in a loose-knit storyline that simply ambles to an underwhelming conclusion.
rotten	It might have high-rolling credentials, but Wild Card is bluffing.
fresh	[It's] offbeat and entertaining enough to stand a fair chance of achieving cult status in future years.
rotten	Bar. Big breasts. Bodyguard. Jason Statham! Cockney, mate. Vegas, innit?
rotten	It emerges, alas, as a compromise, hedging its bets between cheery, characterful Ocean's-ish caper and brute-force beat-'em-up; we're offered helpings of both, but not enough of either to satisfy.
rotten	Ideal Statham - see 2002's The Transporter - is a gent, a man of few words who cleaves to a certain way of doing things. The hero he gives us here is just a little too close to a thug, a braggart and a loser. It won't do.
rotten	Jason Statham may be playing essentially the same character he always plays, but this noir-style thriller has a somewhat groovier tone thanks to the Las Vegas setting...
rotten	With Wild Card, Statham may finally have overplayed his hand.
rotten	As for the actual plot, it's a tedious and wonky affair, packed with typical crime-thriller elements.
rotten	Statham remake is violent and contemplative, not thrilling.
fresh	Too often it's hard to figure where the story of this hard luck hero is going, or if it's going anywhere.
fresh	A pulpy, enjoyable caper filled with unexpected plot twists and memorable characters, even when they only get a few lines of dialogue.
rotten	It's hard to not feel a slight sense of disappointment when what looks like a steaming hot slab of fresh action filmmaking hot off the grill turns out to be microwaved leftovers.
fresh	Part '70s crime caper, part character comedy, part hit-punch actioner, Wild Card plays the hands it's dealt with an amusing and acceptable lack of ambition.
rotten	One confused picture, endeavoring to find pockets of dramatic depth as it organizes a big screen bloodbath.
fresh	Wild Card ultimately comes off as more of a slow-paced character study than anything else...
fresh	This film's tagline should be "Come for the stabbing, stay for the gabbing!"
rotten	Statham is one of the most appealing of action stars, but the film is a little light on action, and his narrow range is unfairly tested by the movie's narrative wallows.
fresh	There will be abundant laying waste of unworthy opponents, and the groans you hear will not be his.
rotten	Slow-motion knockouts follow, with Mr. Statham as sure-fisted as ever, but the "Expendables" director Simon West can only summon dead air in between.
rotten	Sadly, "Wild Card" is no royal flush, no full house, no three of a kind. A bust is I think the term I'm searching for.
fresh	No stranger to piloting action films, West allows the yarn to unwind at a perfectly measured pace.
rotten	Wild Card doesn't really do [Statham] any favours, despite its rock-solid supporting cast and storied pedigree.
rotten	Given its overall lack of excitement and smattering of mano-y-mano spectacle, Wild Card should really be called Mild Card.
rotten	Statham, in turn, is an aloof, drowsy shell of a leading man, the full embodiment of a 100-minute sad grimace. He seems just as bored as the audience must be. He is, once again, so much better than this.
rotten	Statham can't sell it -- going for wistful, he just looks tired.
fresh	Wild Card is a stylish throwback to 80s noir that makes fine use of its charismatic lead actor.
rotten	The rest of the film doesn't feel particularly coherent, mainly because the story moves with the help of cameos rather than character development.
rotten	A largely forgettable lark, notable more for its slight diversions from action-movie norms than anything else.
rotten	Las Vegas steals the show, even though it's played by New Orleans.
rotten	"This is the height of my career," says Jason Statham sarcastically in his latest potboiler ...
rotten	Does the curdled thriller "Wild Card" represent a brief misstep? Or is this the moment when Jason Statham, like so many action heroes before him, settles into self-caricature?
rotten	"Wild Card" doesn't even have enough chips to play at the lowest stakes table.
rotten	Overstuffed and distractible, this episodic redo feels like a couple episodes of some Showtime series stitched into a feature ...
fresh	One of Statham's better vehicles.
fresh	Script by William "Marathon Man/Misery" Goldman, ass-kicking by Jason Statham? It's not all bad.
rotten	Even for a shaggy dog tale, this is too shaggy, and it can only charm its way out of some of its problems.
rotten	The action-movie pyrotechnics succeed only at reinforcing Simon West's macho bona fides and condescendingly forcing Jason Statham back into his wheelhouse.
rotten	Too little action, too much rambling conversation.
rotten	A star this good deserves a better movie.
rotten	Should cash in on Statham's loyal fan base, but will be a letdown to anyone looking for a real thrill ride.
rotten	Ultimately Wild Card isn't sharp enough to execute its modest ambitions, leaving one with the impression that a lot of stylishness has been flaunted without much to show for it.
rotten	As usual, Statham gets a lot of mileage out of his droll, ever-present scowl, but as in "Heat," the movie's disparate narrative strands never really come together, and the climactic showdown feels pretty anticlimactic.
fresh	Simple, unforced and immensely winning.
fresh	A full two decades after "Four Weddings and a Funeral," Hugh Grant still does that stammering, understated, witty and dashing thing as well as anyone in the business.
fresh	As rewrites go, this one represents a decent improvement.
rotten	Hugh Grant ultimately makes the film an endurable experience, but he can't stop it from being a forgettable one.
fresh	Will likely prove one of those hidden cable or Netflix gems you'll be glad you stumbled onto during a random night of channel surfing.
rotten	Another Hugh Grant comedy that follows the dots without much wit ...
fresh	Hugh Grant's latest comedy is as comforting and well-worn as a heavy blanket on a freezing day.
fresh	Hugh Grant has the best facial expression of bemusement in films.
rotten	... has some scattered laughs amid the formulaic cuteness, yet ultimately it's too slight and obvious.
fresh	A funny and charming portrait of a burnt-out, middle-aged screenplay writer
fresh	Lighthearted, likable romcom has sexual themes, profanity.
fresh	Great cast. If you love Hugh Grant films, you will want to see this.
rotten	The Rewrite wants to be a film about the messiness of life but it only has Hollywood cliches to work with.
fresh	By no means watch this if you're looking for a nourishing cinematic experience. But if your idea of a cozy rom-com is an old Hugh Grant one, this has some cine-comfort-food-carbs for you.
fresh	This fourth collaboration between Hugh Grant and writer-director Marc Lawrence is their best.
fresh	Before it was done to death, there was something terribly appealing about Grant's heroes, and many of his romantic comedies -- something "The Rewrite" nicely reminds us of.
rotten	An inoffensive but bland and unimaginative romcom.
fresh	It's far from perfect, but "The Rewrite" is the kind of witty, enjoyable star vehicle in sadly short supply on screens these days.
rotten	Mr. Grant, now 54, is facing the expiration date of his twinkly boyish act. And in "The Rewrite," as he plays a spoiled screenwriter and one-hit Hollywood wonder on the skids, you can feel the strain as he goes through the routine one more time.
fresh	That "The Rewrite," an entirely unsurprising romantic comedy, works as well as it does is entirely due to one factor: Hugh Grant.
fresh	Hanging out with Keith and Holly in this kindly, observant movie is a perfectly pleasant way to pass ninety-odd minutes.
rotten	At this point, the batteries are so low on Grant's career interest meter, it would be a challenge to figure out when he's authentically enlivened by his chosen profession.
fresh	Flawed though it may be, there's still enough here that works to make the film a passable way to spend 106 minutes
fresh	It's the fourth collaboration between Grant and writer-director Marc Lawrence, and it could be their strongest outing to date.
rotten	The story of an uninteresting jerk who becomes a little bit less of a jerk but stays just as uninteresting.
rotten	The title of this Hugh Grant romantic dramedy feels like a challenge, so we'll bite: The performances are strong, but a rewrite - or two - was definitely in order.
fresh	How come Hugh Grant and Marisa Tomei waited this long to make a romantic comedy together?
rotten	It's too easy to slam a movie about screenwriting for its lazy, cliched script, one that largely falls back on the charms of its overqualified cast to carry it through.
rotten	Once in a while, Grant tosses off a funny line; more often, he's too busy mouthing Lawrence's patronizations.
fresh	Shows how sharp lines and strong supporting performances can elevate the ordinary to something you tell friends to add to the middle of their Netflix queue.
rotten	The Rewrite talks a good game about second chances, but for Grant, it's merely more of the same old.
fresh	Lawrence's script for "The Rewrite'' could have used one, and his direction is uneven, but it's still rewarding watching Grant dispensing his dithery charm surrounded by old pros.
rotten	Keith is one of Grant's worst roles to date, and even his sparkling personality wears thin by the film's halfway mark.
fresh	"The Rewrite" feels like it had a rewrite at some point, perhaps muddying the waters of the film's larger intentions.
rotten	Grant is as engagingly disengaged as ever, but this is, at best, only thinly entertaining.
fresh	Granted you'd think a movie about a screenwriter could have been at least a little less rote, but that doesn't mean this rom com isn't offering up some sweet entertainment.
fresh	Bright-toned performances by J. K. Simmons, as Keith's department chairman, and Allison Janney, as a stiff-necked colleague, provide deft distractions from the didactic strain.
fresh	Sometimes all we want from a movie is self-deprecating Hugh learning to find his heart and soul, the cinematic equivalent to eating a pint of Rocky Road ice cream.
rotten	Keith is presented upfront as such an obnoxiously self-oriented, morally wayward figure that Grant's fidgety charms have to work overtime to sustain audience engagement with its big-fish-out-of-water narrative.
fresh	A watchable but equally unremarkable romantic comedy where only the critically-risky title really plays with fire.
rotten	Those who hoped that playing a ferocious cannibal in 'Cloud Atlas' might have got Hugh Grant's thespian juices flowing again are in for a disappointment.
fresh	Thanks to some heavy lifting from the cast, there are enough laughs to make you forget that it's only Grant you care about, and that Keith's classes and Lawrence's film display a rather mechanical understanding of romantic comedy.
rotten	Grant knows how to deliver a line and isn't afraid to play a sleazeball (albeit a redeemable one) but you keep wishing Richard Curtis was on hand to put better - and crucially funnier - words in his mouth.
fresh	What do you know? The Rewrite turns out to be Grant's most amusing comedy in over a decade.
rotten	The Keith and Holly relationship has an Educating Rita potential that is never fully explored or realised.
fresh	The latest Hugh Grant rom-com, The Rewrite is unlikely to serve up any third-act surprises. However, it's a well-crafted piece, full of persuasive character detail and genuinely funny dialogue.
fresh	Grant and Tomei work well together (they aren't doing anything new but seeing their shtick grafted together proves satisfying).
fresh	There is nothing in the old-fashioned The Rewrite that is unexpected but it has some funny one-liners and the smooth professionalism of Grant, Tomei and the able cast make it work.
fresh	Twenty years after Four Weddings and a Funeral, Hugh Grant is still playing a variation on the dithering, charming Englishman. This is one of his better recent vehicles.
rotten	Despite an engaging and watchable lead turn from Grant, The Rewrite is as boilerplate as inspirational teacher movies come.
fresh	[An] easy-going charmer in which deftly tailored banter and evident chemistry prevail over predictable plotting to deliver a comedy with clear appeal for an older audience.
fresh	There are moments here when sunlight breaks through the shtick ...
rotten	Hugh Grant is still funny ... when he's allowed to be.
fresh	It would be easy to dismiss this as a plastic Hugh Grant rom-com but it has enough smarts, laughs and feel for its likeable characters to make it worth your while.
fresh	A rom-com that makes a virtue of it's low-key, indie sensibility. It's also very funny.
fresh	An entertaining comedy with a nicely delivered message about second chances.
fresh	Isn't it silly to demand the film be more than what the filmmakers intended it to be? Did anyone expect the church to hire Michael Moore to direct its film?
rotten	There's nothing in the movie about Mormon history, and no discussion of the unique aspects of LDS doctrine about which non-Mormons tend to be the most curious.
rotten	Nearly nothing in Blair Treu's kindly public relations film illuminates the practices or beliefs of the church, except for a will to goodness and success, and small, seemingly telling details go unremarked.
rotten	Breaks the shocking news that LDS members 'come in all sizes, shapes and colors' and 'love God and believe he has a plan for all of us. Is this news worth $10.50 a ticket?
rotten	The film operates under the assumption that the average Joe associates Mormonism more with "Sister Wives" than Mitt Romney, so the film will be an eye-opener only for subscribers to such stereotypes.
rotten	The narration promises surprises ("This story may challenge what you think you know about the roles men and women play in Mormon homes"), but the movie might have started by examining its straw-man conception of the audience.
rotten	Would you go out of your way to see an infomercial that was more than an hour long? Would you even pay for the privilege? That's what "Meet the Mormons" would have filmgoers do.
rotten	Meet the Mormons isn't substantial enough to screen on the first day of LDS 101; the church's most basic tenets - and controversial aspects - are elided completely.
rotten	Slick, relentlessly upbeat propaganda that suffers from too many sins of omission.
rotten	Insipid black comedy about suburban materialism and murder.
rotten	[Home Sweet Hell is] nothing more or less than a toothless satire of suburban conformity that might have felt a little more dangerous six decades ago.
rotten	Questions start arising immediately: Is it satire? Is it black comedy? What is this?
rotten	... best viewed in the comfort of your own home on late night cable.
rotten	If Katherine Heigl thought the unappetizing dark comedy "Home Sweet Hell" might somehow help her flagging film career, she was greatly mistaken.
rotten	While the oafish men come off poorly, the treatment of women as nothing more than schemers and monstrous Martha Stewart clones seems woefully past its expiration date.
rotten	Home Sweet Hell doesn't deserve a hearty recommendation, but watching Heigl almost makes the movie worth watching on her own.
rotten	Home Sweet Hell musters too little wit and too few laughs to sustain this humorous autopsy of suburban life.
rotten	Although the film appears to be aiming for pitch-black humor, it's all so mirthless that the result is genuinely ugly.
rotten	Some scenes march fearlessly into the darkest of dark comedy recesses, while others are played quite broadly, to let us know that we shouldn't take all this nastiness too seriously. The latter half of that equation is deadly for dark comedies.
rotten	It's high time Katherine Heigl sent up her image as a controlling bitch in heels; too bad her dark comic turn takes place in an otherwise dreadful, misogynistic slog of a film.
rotten	Wilson is an engaging actor, but he's stuck treading water in a movie with little action. Heigl, on the other hand, seems bored and aloof. She's playing against type, but she's stiff and doesn't make a fun villain here.
rotten	A rancid comedy fueled by male entitlement and uxoricidal rage... "Home Sweet Hell" is the cinematic equivalent of the guy who's so busy ranting and raving about how untrustworthy women are that he hasn't noticed everyone's backed away from him.
fresh	Home Sweet Hell is a pleasantly unpleasant dark comedy, one that gives new meaning to "detached and subdivided" in the mass production zone.
rotten	A bit on the nose, but Heigl hits the mark in a role that seems tailor made for her.
rotten	This dismal stab at a darkly comic thriller is hardly the vehicle to resuscitate its lead actress's bigscreen career, but it's unlikely to do much for anyone else's, either.
rotten	The kind of blithely confident, creatively impoverished dud that leaves you slightly stunned someone greenlit it, the movie has the distinction of feeling like a bad idea from its very first frames ...
rotten	Heigl and Wilson do their best to salvage a sinking ship, putting in fine performances that embrace ghoulishness director Anthony Burns eventually turns away from.
fresh	It's a little slow in places but the performances more than compensate.
fresh	Moody, engrossing, exquisitely directed period film...Clearly influenced by old-school directors such as Sidney Lumet and Norman Jewison, JC Chandor proves a master at building a tense, slow-burn atmosphere in a frost-bitten Big Apple.
fresh	Exquisitely acted, scripted and shot, it's a major work for discerning adults. I loved it, and J.C. Chandor is now firmly in my list of directors whose work I will always see.
fresh	Though Abel remains a fish-out-of-water throughout,[Oscar] Isaac plays him with a fascinating assurance that never gives the slightest hint of a gasp for air.
fresh	Quite frankly, the story was trying my patience for a while.
rotten	J.C. Chandor's disappointing followup to All is Lost...
fresh	In the end, a little too much rides on what we make of this couple and their partnership, and the movie, well-conceived as it is, has drawn its boundaries a little too tightly.
fresh	Don't imagine a conventional crime melodrama. Its pleasures I found to be cerebral rather than kinetic and visceral.
fresh	If you go expecting the usual gangster flick violence, you might come out feeling short-changed but, if you let the film get to you, this is an absorbing contribution to a central American obsession.
fresh	I don't know if it's the best film of the year but it's certainly one of them.
fresh	Gritty, gripping, and undersung.
fresh	It is a crime thriller, but rises above its genre; it is a character study but it creates a mythic persona; and it is a morality tale but it presents as an analysis of human nature's self contradictory impulses
fresh	The juxtaposition of disparate moral codes generates the spice in this smouldering crime thriller in which Oscar Isaac's honourable businessman Abel Morales is intent on choosing 'the path most right' within a world of gangsters
fresh	Though the movie's chases are top-rate, there's even greater heat from the push-pull energy Abel generates when deciding whether to dip ethically or stand firm.
rotten	Good performances and convincing setting; but could have used a spark to light things up
fresh	Well acted and smart, Chandor's latest tackles tough moral issues
fresh	An unsettling examination of moral drift, over a year in the life of a man and a generation in the life of a country.
fresh	Chandor charts the moral decline accompanying financial gain with weary-eyed aplomb.
fresh	The film's best moments center on those in which Isaac and Chastain argue the merits of the course their future should take.
fresh	In case you hadn't noticed yet, Oscar Isaac is the real deal.
fresh	A crime story, a character study, and a really kick-ass pressure cooker.
fresh	'A Most Violent Year' is consistent with Chandor's previous films, the financial-crisis drama 'Margin Call' and the Robert Redford survivalist saga 'All Is Lost.' These all are portraits of men in crisis, threatened by disasters with a deadline.
rotten	Eventually, Anna goes so Mob Wives on Abel that the very concept of their relationship (and with it, of the film) loses credibility. These two never would've hooked up in a million most violent years.
fresh	Chandor conceives of a devilishly indeterminate tale that in one way goes to affirm that stereotype while challenging the audience with the inherent greed that invariably rears its head as you peel away the layers.
fresh	A Most Violent Year proves surprisingly compelling, and it wastes little time living up to its name.
fresh	The underside of the American Dream is on display in A Most Violent Year, a drama about an immigrant trying to make his way to the top.
fresh	A Most Violent Year never feels rushed. Chandor sets a tempo that allows Isaac to play his character with control while giving Chastain the time she needs to manipulate behind the throne.
fresh	One of the best films of 2014 -- and, it should be noted, THE best film of 2014 not to receive a single Oscar nomination.
fresh	You've seen this New York crime story, but you've rarely seen it as expertly controlled, tightly coiled and perfectly constructed. A thoroughly engrossing, endlessly suitable heir to Sidney Lumet's throne, with meat on its bones and ice in its veins.
fresh	So well made and focused as an endurance test that our eyes refuse to turn away from the events, even as the movie drifts breezily through the material.
fresh	A Most Violent Year is not the next great mob movie it's been advertised as; it's a thoughtful character drama with a solid cast - no more, no less.
fresh	Chandor follows the psychologically penetrating tradition of Sidney Lumet, Alan Pakula and Francis Ford Coppola, observing crime as a microcosm of society.
fresh	Stubbornly understated.
fresh	Another fine drama from writer-director J.C. Chandor, it is a smart, small-scale film but one with deceivingly big stakes.
fresh	Multilayered and morally nuanced ... a crime drama about the sort of character who is a peripheral figure in most crime dramas. Abel is neither cop nor crook; he's just a compromised man with problems to solve.
rotten	There are certainly good things to be found within it, but when you're left asking yourself "is that it?" at the end, you can't help but feel a little let down to discover that there wasn't more to it.
fresh	If this is the weakest of Chandor's three films, it's only because he made such a mark with the first two.
fresh	Like that camel-hair coat Abel wears, A Most Violent Year is classy and commands respect, but a stronger pulse under the lapels would make us care much more.
fresh	Playing partners in business and life, Oscar Isaac and Jessica Chastain radiate genuine heat.
fresh	[A] tight anti-thriller, one where the violence of the title is more implied than seen.
rotten	Chandor merely seems to be making points about corruption, not making people come to life.
fresh	The film has a very arresting style; Chandor has nailed a classy look for New York in 1981 whilst avoiding major landmarks and cliches, mostly staying to truck yards, offices back alleys and family homes.
fresh	A Most Violent Year, filmed in drab, camel-coloured tans and browns as though made on location in 1981, isn't a flashy film; just a very, very good one.
fresh	"A Most Violent Year" is a far more interesting film than its title implies. And a film you've never seen before.
fresh	Abel is a man with ideals in a world that has no use for them: If he's going to succeed, he's going to have to use his wits instead of bullets.
fresh	An exacting thriller with a rich sense of time and place, made by a filmmaker at the top of his game.
fresh	Given the expectations of the director and the stellar cast collated, an unwelcome sense of dissatisfaction is the final, longest-lasting sentiment.
fresh	Not as violent as the title would imply, this is a sterling essay in inner strength.
fresh	This isn't a revolutionary or thematically rich motion picture, but it's a well-told story featuring solid performances and a nice sense of atmosphere.
fresh	A far more timely and provocative film than its period setting suggests.
fresh	A Most Violent Year keeps its action tinder largely dry, the fireworks generated instead by tense conversations between husbands and wives, lawyers and district attorneys, police and putative thieves.
fresh	Isaac and Chastain are dynamite together, and Chandor's faultless handle on the ethical and personal stakes of his story make the viewing experience consistently compelling if not ultimately memorable.
rotten	These characters coolly roam through every precise, purposeful scene like the metaphors they are, seemingly motivated by artistic intent as opposed to baser human desires. Even Michael Corleone had a temper; a libido; a pulse.
rotten	A Most Violent Year is equivalent to drawing a gun on an unsuspecting victim and pointing it at them for over two hours before lowering the gun and eating a box of stale saltine crackers instead.
fresh	We know the stakes, and thanks to the Godfather movies, we have a feel for the seedy urban landscape, but what makes A Most Violent Year feel slightly different is the minimal approach.
fresh	Has the unmistakable flavor of New York's bad old days.
fresh	Bradford Young's cinematography is awesome, transforming bleak wastelands and mansions into visions of light. It's as if we're seeing everything through the eyes of Morales, to whom America is beauty incarnate.
fresh	What makes the movie interesting is its hard-boiled (and, one suspects, realistic) look at the realities of making a profit in a rough-and-tumble business.
fresh	Gritty, suspenseful and almost poetic in its depiction of an unforgiving town, A Most Violent Year is just shy of being great.
fresh	It's very much a mood piece, body-swerving genre cliches, beautiful to look at and dripping menace via Bradford Young's sepia-tinged cinematography under Chandor's expert direction.
fresh	Chandor's golden touch with his actors is boosted by his talents as a screenwriter, creating scenarios and dialogue that pop with both intelligent and emotional complexity, especially in his threading of heavy moral questions.
fresh	It's a tense, subtly evocative Big Apple tale that could crown Chandor as a worthy successor to quintessential New York director Sidney Lumet.
fresh	Capturing the jaundiced look of the Scorsese-Coppola crime era, it oozes class and atmosphere.
fresh	A 1980s New York organised crime thriller that confounds the mobster mould.
fresh	A lot of movies spin their wheels fast and create the illusion that important things are happening. A Most Violent Year, one of the best movies of 2014, does the opposite.
fresh	"A Most Violent Year" marks Chandor's third film in just four years, and it's another big step forward for him.
rotten	This tale of crime, corruption and soft furnishings resembles a Sunday-supplement Scorsese.
fresh	A Most Violent Year is a riveting drama even though I can't tell you what it's about, or even what it actually is.
fresh	Chandor, who previously wrote and directed "Margin Call" and "All Is Lost," is already a master storyteller, and "A Most Violent Year" unfolds with beautifully controlled tension.
fresh	It's kind of a thriller, but any genre expectations will be thwarted by writer/director J.C. Chandor's almost-perverse pleasure in stopping shy of the boiling point. A Most Violent Year is all about the simmer.
fresh	An Exhilarating, Fresh Take On Gangster Movies Emerges In J.C. Chandor's A Most Violent Year.
fresh	Chandor deliberately keeps things on simmer for much of the runtime: the point here is to avoid the violence that bends the time out of joint.
fresh	Like the films made by Sidney Lumet in the same gritty urban locale, it quickly heats up to a simmer and generates considerable tension in exploring the darker byways of the drive for success in America.
fresh	"A Most Violent Year" is a special film, buoyed mostly by a pair of standout lead performances, both strongly against type.
fresh	A smartly scarifying drama-thriller whose characters are bled of their self-assurance, drop by drop, and so, in a voyeuristic way, are we.
fresh	With this confident drama, J.C. Chandor (Margin Call, All Is Lost) continues to evolve as a filmmaker, giving the mob movie a remarkably thoughtful twist with vivid characters and situations.
fresh	Stylish, sophisticated, simmering crime and character drama with Shakespearean dimension and bravura performances. Who knew heating oil could be a sexy subject?
fresh	JC Chandor is fast becoming one of America's most intriguing and unpredictable filmmakers.
fresh	Chandor's movie has one foot in the genre of organised crime and another in the city drama of family loyalty and political grime: the tough film-making of James Gray and Sidney Lumet (and before them, Elia Kazan).
fresh	Here is a rare film that is remarkable for what it is not.
fresh	Chandor's moody, muscular film finds 'the most right path' to the fewest cliches.
fresh	Good thing Giuliani eventually cleaned everything up by Disneyfying Time Square and putting the homeless in camps.
fresh	Chandor scores a CV hat-trick with another expertly controlled drama.
fresh	A Most Violent Year may lack originality but there are fine performances throughout, especially from Isaac.
fresh	An elegantly presented story of a seemingly honourable businessman beset on all sides by corruption and criminality.
fresh	A Most Violent Year is something of a cross between The Godfather and Macbeth; it's about power, the corrupting influence of it and the constant need to attain more of it.
fresh	I did feel slightly short-changed by the level of violence. But Chandor seems interested in lower octane thrills. At its core, this atmospheric film is a study of two steely characters who are trying to keep their hands clean in a very dirty business.
fresh	It's a shame such fine performances are wasted on a movie, and a director, more intent on moralizing about life's unfairness than taking chances.
fresh	[Isaac's] coiled, charismatic performance strongly evokes Al Pacino as the young Michael Corleone, and Chandor's intelligent screenplay turns on a similar dilemma of how to maintain one's personal ethics in a cutthroat environment.
fresh	This is not a story that panders to our desires for easy answers and quick, cathartic solutions. Chandor's drama inspires us to rise above those around us, to become the best versions of ourselves during the worst of circumstances.
fresh	Isaac and Chastain have a fearlessness with each other that requires complete trust as actors. Every scene they are in together crackles.
fresh	Three days of snowballing misfortune in J. C. Chandor's agreeably hellish, pleasingly pulpy, often-beautiful third feature.
fresh	Chastain's Armani-clad mafia princess is this film's Reagan-era Lady Macbeth.
rotten	"A Most Violent Year" sets the stage for a showdown between principles and base instincts that never satisfyingly arrives.
fresh	The feeling that violence could erupt at any moment is real ... and it lends an air of menace to the most mundane of discussions...
fresh	"Year" is a fascinating movie but, despite its title, it's fairly flat - the pace rarely modulates. A work to admire, sometimes very much, but not an easy one to love.
fresh	"A Most Violent Year" is an engrossing, often beautiful film, and a breakout opportunity for Isaac, whose similarly self-contained performance as a sadly self-aware folk singer in "Inside Llewyn Davis" was unfortunately overlooked last year.
fresh	Chandor is proving himself to be, if anything, a magnificent cinematic chameleon
fresh	Chandor has yet to learn the fine points of screw-turning when a story's momentum calls for it. But he knows a great deal about writing effective, striving, eagle-eyed characters caught in tricky situations.
fresh	"A Most Violent Year," for all its other virtues, is a wise movie about leadership.
fresh	Year remains intimate, detailing psychological unraveling and encroaching paranoia, keeping in step with Chandor's developing filmmaking interests.
fresh	Just plain fantastic.
fresh	Recognize J.C. Chandor as one of the most exciting writers and directors working today - after all of three films.
fresh	A Most Violent Year is a morality tale, told with grace and insight. Everything about this picture fires on all cylinders. I was thoroughly absorbed from start to finish.
fresh	The performances are memorable. Isaac uses understatement with the appropriate emotional outburst and Chastain is the film's firecracker.
rotten	A foray into the heating oil business in New York circa 1981 that drowns in drabness under a low winter sun.
fresh	Isaac is great as a decent man trying to hold his ground on quicksand, but Chastain's absolutely fierce.
fresh	Oscar Isaac has been extremely good in previous roles, but he is an utter revelation as Abel, the quiet power of his performance recalling early Pacino.
rotten	... an exceptionally performed but rote drama about family and ethnic loyalties pushed to the breaking point.
fresh	The movie runs just over two hours, and Chandor keeps the movie almost antiseptically tight. He's proving to be a smart director whose skill is growing astronomically in three movies.
fresh	The performance by Isaac is commanding. His restrained businessman and aspiring immigrant clearly evokes Pacino's Michael Corleone, and it's a testament to Isaac that he can get even within a mile of that comparison.
fresh	J.C. Chandor's strongest meditation to date, a slice of American cinema that's as rare as it is beautiful.
fresh	Some of the menacing atmosphere, and even a few scenes, descend from the first two "Godfather" movies. But, in fact, Chandor has done something startling: he has made an anti-"Godfather."
fresh	Moody, violent thriller doesn't quite sustain its promise.
fresh	It's a film of small gestures, stately pacing, and forbidding snowscapes that give way to darkness-drenched interiors that occasionally erupt into memorable setpieces.
fresh	All this is rendered ... in memorable and exemplary fashion. And it's all just a little more boring than it ought to be.
rotten	"A Most Violent Year" crackles with good acting, but fizzles from its slow pacing.
fresh	It's a pleasure to watch adult filmmaking like this.
rotten	[Chandor's] storytelling feels muted, presenting characters that are shockingly dull and didactic.
fresh	Chandor establishes himself as a versatile filmmaker consistently exploring the central scenario of a situation spiraling out of control.
fresh	A Most Violent Year is Chandor's take on The Godfather or Scarface, though it's not quite as thrilling or memorable as those classics.
fresh	A refreshing blast of, well, rationality in the context of a New York crime thriller.
fresh	It's a gangster movie that tries to be more than that, not always successfully.
fresh	We're watching a career in progress here, the missteps of a very talented director who's trying to make a true mark on American filmmaking. J.C. Chandor's attempt is admirable, even as he remains at the brink of cinematic mastery.
rotten	For me A Most Violent Year remained an abstract idea of a great period crime drama, rather than a fleshly incarnation of one.
fresh	So strongly recalls The Godfather that you wonder as you're watching how the director will manage to fashion the movie into something entirely his own. But he does.
fresh	A tremendously powerful performance at its center from an incredibly talented actor truly brings A Most Violent Year alive, and makes it a film to remember.
fresh	Mr. Chandor gives Mr. Isaac everything he needs for a tour de force performance, and the actor makes the most of what he gets.
fresh	... a gritty and suspenseful exploration of violence that's more about corporate conflict than brute force.
fresh	A pretty terrific piece of the filmmaking for intelligent adults that supposedly can't get produced anymore.
fresh	One of the best films of the year.
fresh	Turning to a treacherous era in New York, filmmaker J.C. Chandor has structured a most compelling story without displaying every detail for easy access and understanding.
rotten	It bears all the hallmarks of depth except for actual wisdom.
fresh	The beats of the movie, not to mention the winking title and the time period, make A Most Violent Year feel like it should be another bloody tale about the dark side of American greed. But Chandor is too smart to go down that path.
fresh	It's quite good, for what it is. But it's that "for what it is" part that proves slightly exasperating.
rotten	It holds you with its gravity and forces your respect. It's also talky, repetitive, thesis-driven, and often strangled by its own solemnity.
fresh	Gritty and savvy, it's impeccably crafted, evoking a turbulent time.
fresh	It's able to build upon a well-trod-upon foundation to become its own perverse thing.
fresh	It's the kind of uncompromising movie we don't see much of anymore. And it makes you nostalgic for a time when the world was worse and the movies were better.
fresh	A revelation: meticulously constructed, brilliantly acted, suspenseful and sharply written.
fresh	It's well-acted, nicely crafted and imaginatively envisioned; it shows yet another side to an interesting and rapidly developing filmmaker.
fresh	A truly original contributions to American crime fiction.
fresh	Oscar Isaac does terrifically layered and involving work as Abel's armor of seemingly unflappable confidence is consistently, increasingly under attack.
fresh	With this gritty, savvy and finely wrought drama, J.C. Chandor establishes himself as one of the most exciting directors of his generation.
fresh	Chastain is killer good, and Isaac is an implosive powerhouse in a film that reflects a world where nothing is held sacred. You watch with nerves clenched, holding on tight.
fresh	It brings to mind the fierce New York-based productions of Sidney Lumet in particular but also the whole notion of character-driven, the-clock-is-ticking melodramas in general.
fresh	Can Chandor make a first-rate film that isn't a testosterone fest? That's the next challenge-one that he shares with the industry as a whole.
rotten	It's really just sort of...dumb.
fresh	Subtle..."The Godfather" with less action
fresh	"A Most Violent Year" presents an honorable man struggling to stay true to his values in the face of temptation. It is also the portrait of a brilliant hustler working a very long con. It's a terrific movie either way.
fresh	A smartly directed character study of a man fighting to uphold the antiquated ideals of the American Dream.
fresh	In the marvelous, immersive A Most Violent Year, [J.C.] Chandor broadens his canvas, proving himself a major filmmaking talent.
fresh	"A Most Violent Year" is a small picture, but each brushstroke is laden with detail and craftsmanship.
fresh	The compelling moral dimension is matched in a couple of places by fairly riveting action, but the film lacks any commanding narrative insight into its milieu.
fresh	Its many thrills are punctuated by a great score and two terrific performances.
fresh	A Most Violent Year is a compelling exercise in minimalist intensity, drawing power from characterization and well-paced plotting.
fresh	A movie that quietly but ferociously immerses us in a time and place, with atmosphere done in minimal yet evocative strokes.
fresh	J.C. Chandor's latest period piece strays favorably from the path of typical gangster films, giving both Oscar Isaac and Jessica Chastain ample room to flex their professional dominance.
fresh	Chandor continuously raises the stakes on defying the violent, capturing our sympathies and commanding our engagement. That comes with the enjoyment of penetrating character insight and expression without compromise or exaggeration.
fresh	Smartly crafted and wonderfully executed, A MOST VIOLENT YEAR creeps up slowly and progresses to an intensely potent conclusion.
fresh	It's an obvious movie, but it's streamlined and clean, the movie ticks and whirs with precision.
fresh	In its sober assessment of entrepreneurial drive, the movie's underlying critique is timeless.
fresh	J.C. Chandor's fondness for situational irony is empowered by spartan efficiency of his method, and that of most of his performers.
fresh	[VIDEO ESSAY] Writer-director JC Chandor's first three films ("Margin Call," "All is Lost," and "A Most Violent Year") combine to reveal a masterful auteur staking out a singular filmmaking career that overshadows Hollywood's constant barrage of garbage
fresh	It's an impressive, substantial piece of work, and a proper old-fashioned nail-biter too.
fresh	An immersive drama about a businessman who stays calm in the midst of a dreadful series of setbacks.
fresh	A Most Violent Year is original and thought-provoking. You have to think. Whoa, is that marketable?
fresh	"A Most Violent Year" is one of the great modern crime thrillers, ultimately showing itself as one of the most enthralling experiences of the year.
rotten	There's not much blood in the veins of A Most Violent Year - and even less on screen. This is one deeply mistitled movie.
fresh	Chandor leaves out many details and explanations for his characters' behavior; the movie raises more questions than it answers, including why the filmmaker was driven to make it.
fresh	I think this is a pretty major piece of adult emotional entertainment, something special, and I hope we get a lot more like it from him.
fresh	This is an intelligent and probing drama but one that lacks the oomph factor you might expect in a real Oscar contender.
fresh	A Most Violent Year proves Chandor is the real deal.
fresh	"A Most Violent Year" is a slow-burn drama about what kinds of compromises you'll make in order to tell yourself you haven't compromised.
fresh	Further clarifies what might be the most promising career in American movies: an urban-headed filmmaker attuned to economies of place and time, with an eye on the vacant throne of Sidney Lumet.
fresh	JC Chandor's period crime drama is rigorous, resourceful and as smart as a whip.
fresh	[Chandor] peels back the layers of his story and characters with the skill of an expert dramatist.
fresh	A tough, gritty, richly atmospheric thriller ...
fresh	Here, success is even scarier than failure: it's a nocturnal fantasy, seductive and ablaze with threat.
fresh	With his third feature, writer-director J.C. Chandor continues to cement a reputation for making distinctive, intelligent films of which no two are alike.
fresh	Just when we're settling into the film being a Lumet-ian character-driven drama, Chandor will, on more than one occasion, organically segue to an adrenaline-packed truck chase that's as exciting as any big action-movie moment of recent memory.
none	For those with a little patience to spare, A Most Violent Year is guaranteed to be one of the most interesting movies you'll have seen this year, with a thoughtful ending that will leave you with plenty to ponder over when the credits finally roll.
fresh	One of the wonders of the film is how Gray reveals unexpected depths and dimensions of these characters throughout their journeys.
fresh	The Immigrant's handsome Blu-Ray transfer should be welcomed with open arms, even if there's little meat on the bone here for fans of special features.
fresh	For what it is - a golden-toned melodrama about an innocent being tarnished and then redeemed in the Big City - The Immigrant is a lovely piece of work.
fresh	The physical look of the movie is a revelation of a lost past.
fresh	Unsurprisingly, Marion Cotillard is key as the recipient of the film's many misfortunes, displaying both tenacity and fragility to cultivate audience investment in Ewa's choices.
fresh	The Immigrant is a bleak film, at times a little cold. But thanks to the magnificent work of Gray's cast, it's difficult to forget.
fresh	The film, too, changes shape as it goes along, beginning as something resembling social realism before developing into an old-fashioned "woman's picture."
fresh	What's difficult to encapsulate is the vivid emotion that underpins this story, or the depths suggested by the close-ups of the remarkable Cotillard that explain her complex state as well as recalling the golden era of 1930s Hollywood cinematography.
fresh	A terrific, contained performance by Cotillard is the cherry in this classy period piece.
fresh	I think this is really a beautiful film.
fresh	Gray's beautiful, dark film is a reminder of the difficulties faced by immigrants in any place and at any time.
fresh	Just about everybody in The Immigrant may have misplaced their copy of the Declaration of Human Rights, but a perfectly sung operatic note needs no administrative documents to work its magic.
rotten	As terrific as Cotillard is, Gray's coldly cerebral style keeps Ewa's plight at too far a remove.
fresh	Marion Cotillard is a tearful, too-lovely newcomer to a harsh America in the early 1920s.
fresh	As haunting, and haunted, as any of [James Gray's] prior achievements.
fresh	"The Immigrant" suffices as a theatrical experience, in the end, the appreciation for its visual and detailed nature are the only things that impress.
fresh	The Immigrant isn't a lot fun, but it's touched with a kind of greatness we don't see very often.
fresh	... stylishly captures its setting, and its more general depiction of Ewa's haunting journey crosses not only geographical boundaries, but chronological and emotional ones, as well.
fresh	Gray creates impeccable period detail here, recalling the graceful, masterly images from The Godfather Part II. He gets flawless performances from his actors, especially Cotillard, who is forced to keep so much inside.
rotten	...the writer/director's attempts at eliciting an emotional response fall completely and hopelessly flat.
fresh	The film is an achievement. Its complex reckoning of moral decency deserves a bigger audience.
fresh	...a stubbornly old-fashioned lovesick tale in which the bonds of passion and family are stretched to their snapping point.
fresh	Gray is a specialist in studies of people struggling to retain their dignity in desperate, morally compromising situations.
fresh	Marion Cotillard offers up one of her best performances in this painful but thought-provoking drama.
fresh	If you're able to stand back from the bleak content and just look at the performances and the production design, The Immigrant is a complete and artistically inspired piece of filmmaking that pays homage to every new citizen forced to make a fresh start.
fresh	Gray's movie is an almost flawlessly articulated example of the kind of thing we like to say they just don't make any more: serious, adult, character-driven and impassioned.
fresh	Gray is one of the most deliberate of American filmmakers, capable of turning an underground beating by the cops into a scene of two-toned aesthetic beauty, and never letting a frame go by with deep, moody meaning.
fresh	At times, Khondji's golden portraiture can make the characters seem encased in amber. But there's a tremendous payoff for the patient.
rotten	"...the old-timey aesthetic here is so overwrought the characters seem stuck in prehistoric amber."
fresh	A very melodramatic picture...yet it's remarkably evocative and compelling, almost compulsively watchable.
rotten	If the film were the pilot for an HBO series then you would probably stay tuned for the second episode. As a standalone film, it feels like very thin stuff.
fresh	One of "The Immigrant's" primary assets is its texture: a rich fabric of sights and sounds that evoke the look and feel of New York's underbelly in the early 20th century.
fresh	This is a sad and tragic story...that uses sepia tones, spot on costuming, deft production design to convey both the time and the mood of that time.
fresh	The Immigrant is two hours long, but I stayed even longer in my seat, through the credits, still in thrall to it all. The title is singular, but the scope is not so easily quantifiable.
fresh	An astonishingly beautiful, irresistibly grim movie ...
fresh	Slow-paced and sinister, it's a strangely unpredictable period piece that penetrates the soft underbelly illusion of the American experience.
fresh	This is Gray's most mature work, and the picture raises Cotillard to a select pantheon.
fresh	The huddled masses will probably be waiting for this one's arrival in the land of video on demand...
fresh	Cotillard can say more with her expressive eyes than others can with their entire bodies, and she gives more depth to Ewa than the screenplay provides.
fresh	Relentlessly downbeat, but lavishly shot and Oscar winner Cotillard, who often resembles the screen goddesses of the silent era, is magnificent.
rotten	Labored, flatly-written, heartlessly acted.
fresh	It's a little freaky to watch Phoenix go at it, a smooth-talking beguiler who suddenly turns stumblebum. But there's nothing freakish about Cotillard.
fresh	It's the stuff of melodrama, elevated by Gray's sure hand and made more by Phoenix and Cotillard, lovers and haters and something beyond.
fresh	The story is pure melodrama, but director James Gray approaches the material in such a subdued way that we might be fooled otherwise.
fresh	https://www.commonsensemedia.org/movie-reviews/the-immigrant
fresh	Memories upon memories upon memories upon legend upon lore upon sorrow upon sacrifice and ache: there is much of another time in James Gray's great and tender and sublimely sincere, emblematically cinematic "The Immigrant."
fresh	"The Immigrant" is one of those rare, strikingly beautiful film experiences that transport you to another world.
fresh	Steeped in period atmosphere, "The Immigrant" tells the story of one woman's struggle, and it is a struggle indeed, to find her way in a new country.
fresh	The film's last shot is full of irony, a naturally composed split screen of hope and despair. "The Immigrant" is like an antique photograph come to life with ghosts of the past.
fresh	Gray, despite the rough edges, manages to meld decades of melodrama into a film that is at once simple and complex, morally black-and-white and psychologically ambiguous.
fresh	Gray directs this handsome and evocative film with emotional restraint, making its archetypal title character a living individual whose moral journey is never simple.
fresh	Its portrait of early 20th-century New York, a melting pot on a relentless simmer, feels wrenchingly real.
fresh	Beautifully shot (by Darius Khondji), designed, and performed, this may well be Gray's masterpiece.
fresh	From the Caruso serenade for the new arrivals at Ellis Island to the discordant reality on the other side of the golden door, "The Immigrant" has a ringing message: Succeeding in America is a dream act.
fresh	Often brilliant, with tremendous performances by Marion Cotillard and Joaquin Phoenix.
fresh	The Immigrant is the fourth collaboration between Gray and Phoenix, and it's their most fruitful to date.
fresh	From Ellis Island to Central Park to middle-class Brooklyn to the crowded streets of the Lower East Side, Gray delivers a gritty, muted portrait of Roaring '20s New York, photographed in monochrome tones by master cinematographer Darius Khondji.
fresh	Movingly and not-always-convincingly recognizes well-explored truths about the land of opportunity, a melting pot where many have been cooked.
fresh	The beating heart of the movie is Cotillard, whose saucer eyes recall those of imperiled silent-screen legends like Lillian Gish.
fresh	The movie earns its dissonances. It's richer than anything onscreen right now.
rotten	Gray revels in the melodrama-to a fault.
fresh	This represents the fullest demonstration to date of the director's capacity for classical, Fordian composition while remaining attuned to the subtleties and naturalism of contemporary acting.
fresh	The film cuts through the mythology to offer an uncompromising vision that regards the decision to immigrate as the brave, difficult one it is.
fresh	Every indelible moment feels at once frozen in time yet utterly timeless - like a flower pressed between the pages of an old diary.
fresh	Gray and his cinematographer Darius Khondji and production designer Happy Massee have done a magnificent job of re-creating this Lower East Side melting pot -- the best I've seen since the De Niro flashbacks in The Godfather II.
rotten	It's a mystery why James Gray's The Immigrant isn't a great movie.
fresh	"The Immigrant" has many moments of exceptional power and rare delicacy ...
fresh	Call it a novelistic film, if you must. But know that it is a cinematic film, too. And above all - a James Gray one.
fresh	I can't think of another actor today who could vitalize the character of a virtuous, wronged woman as vividly and unsentimentally as Marion Cotillard does in The Immigrant.
fresh	"The Immigrant" is marvelous. James Gray has meticulously crafted a handsome, very rewarding and rare dramatization of something that, although distant, should remain familiar to all of us.
fresh	One of those prickly period pieces about hard times that gets under your skin and leaves you unsettled long after.
fresh	The film is earnestly and unabashedly melodramatic to an extent that may baffle audiences accustomed to clever, knowing historical fictions. But it also has a depth and purity of feeling that makes other movies feel timid and small by comparison.
fresh	A magnificently lush, broody period piece that harks back to the great maternal melodramas of the mid-20th century.
rotten	What predominates is a dully morose, overheated and implausible story.
fresh	Rarely has the promised land looked quite so unpromising, even within the geographically consistent and consistently moody oeuvre of James Gray.
fresh	James Gray is a classicist whose fondness for old movies -- particularly old melodramas -- is apparent in his films' every frame.
fresh	It's Cotillard, recalling icons of the silent screen, whose face reflects the bruised heart of The Immigrant, a timeless film from a director whose work rewards the closest attention.
fresh	Stories like Ewa's are the foundation of the American family, reverberating through the generations that follow. Gray ensures those echoes are heard loudly.
fresh	James Gray's film sticks in your head both for the images it creates, and for those triggered in myth memory, of the immigrant experience in America.
rotten	I wanted to fall under this movie's spell as if watching one of those early 20th-century immigrant melodramas-instead, it felt like visiting a meticulously appointed but too-tidy historical museum.
rotten	Neither Ewa nor Bruno has much depth and often come off as stock characters in a movie with little new to offer about the immigrant experience.
fresh	Gorgeously executed and incisively acted, depicting the isolation of the American Dream with a pure concentration on desperation and manipulation, gifted a sepia glaze to sell the step back in time.
fresh	Gray is the most underappreciated of this country's major filmmakers; his movies distill a century's worth of American feature film-a little late silent cinema here, a little New Hollywood there-into a distinctly personal style.
fresh	Thanks to some fantastic performances and sharp direction from James Gray, The Immigrant yields a powerful result.
fresh	Gray has few contemporaries but plenty of precedents; like Paul Thomas Anderson, he reaches so hard for a level of greatness that a different era of moviemaking that it's impossible not to get swept up in the task with him.
fresh	This rich, beautifully rendered film boasts an arrestingly soulful performance from Marion Cotillard.
fresh	Marion Cotillard scores another triumph as a Polish woman whose welcome to 1920s New York could scarcely be more trying.
rotten	Scratch the good-looking, emotionally charged surface of James Gray's period take on the love triangle theme he has already explored in Two Lovers and you find a rather stagey melodrama.
fresh	It's as if the ghosts of an older, vanished New York have been freed from the tyranny of faded photographs and allowed, once again, to move, think, and feel.
fresh	Gray has said he was inspired by Puccini, and with a staggering last shot, "The Immigrant" reaches a crescendo of operatic beauty.
fresh	Roils with passion, but does it with a quiet intensity that is startlingly effective.
fresh	Few contemporary filmmakers have James Gray's ability or ambition to match exquisite craft with emotionally complex storytelling.
rotten	Gray is an intelligent director, always concerned to offer his audiences something other than the usual Hollywood formula pictures. The Immigrant is certainly different: but Gray seems to run out of ideas and the film is shapeless and unsatisfying.
fresh	Some of the film scenes fall flat, but, after all, the American Dream is of a future in which one never loses hope.
fresh	The harrowing story of a Polish nurse who struggles to survive and keep her soul alive in 1921 New York.
fresh	In its stripped-down realism and blistering fixation on its main character's grappling with life and mortality, the film is kin to Roberto Rossellini's collaborations with Ingrid Bergman.
fresh	The ambient fury of the director James Gray's teeming historical drama is built into the very fabric of his tensely unbalanced wide-screen images.
rotten	Such a beautiful movie -- and so cold, too.
fresh	It's just a shame that Cotillard's impressive performance isn't hung on a more vibrant story.
fresh	The best movie of its kind since Elia Kazan.
fresh	An old-fashioned but subdued melodrama, with a pleasingly ripe musical score and scenes full of big emotions performed at a hushed pitch.
fresh	For the most part The Immigrant is works in an incredibly satisfying and affecting manner.
fresh	...Gray is a filmmaker we love, and all the best qualities of his intelligent style are here in abundance...The Immigrant is contained, restrained, thoughtful filmmaking that satisfies on nearly every level...
fresh	The shock of the old made new, a miracle achieved, a great movie rising before me-like a delusion, like a dream.
rotten	Writer-director Ajmal Zaheer Ahmad serves up glossy visuals on the back of a limited budget. However, Jinn often feels like it's a showreel for his visual talents. An admittedly uneven one at that.
rotten	Some of Bob Kurtzman's third act make-up effects are a small silver lining, but unfortunately Jinn is a pretty laughable affair.
rotten	A deeply dopey, distinctly not-terrifying, unintentionally hilarious supernatural thriller.
rotten	With its awful acting, terrible dialogue, and laughable special effects, "Jinn" strains for the hapless genius of Ed Wood, but ends up just another bad movie.
rotten	Most of the time, this incoherent thriller resembles an overheated trailer for itself: a glaringly rough assembly of ill-staged computer-generated action sequences and portentous moments.
rotten	As an attention-grabbing opening installment for what's obviously intended as an ongoing horror franchise, "Jinn" fizzles.
fresh	A watchable if rather convoluted effort.
rotten	"Jinn" is certainly not lacking in audacity, but its uneasy balance between inspired delirium and mundane genre dues-paying is its one bridge too far.
rotten	A horror franchise isn't born.
rotten	Clunky, missing engaging elements of franchise filmmaking that would make the viewer beg for a continuation. What's here is a cluttered snooze that limps to a conclusion.
fresh	... one of the best and most original horror films in years, raises goosebumps with old-fashioned scares, relatable characters, and a provocative psychological foundation.
fresh	If you are brave enough to watch this low-budget gem from Australia, then you'll know it's a "special kind" of scary.
fresh	Making a significant feature-film debut as both director and writer, Jennifer Kent has fashioned a psychological drama that's ultimately more about real-world terrors than about the types of monsters that reside in the closet or under the bed.
fresh	The Babadook will trap you in its pages with its compelling performances. but like every kid's book, your happy ending is waiting for you on the last page.
fresh	Writer-director Jennifer Kent eschews most horror conventions in favour of wholly original visuals and resonant human drama, abetted by a very powerful performance by Davis.
fresh	The line between terrifying reality and terrifying fantasy isn't so much blurred as altogether obliterated.
fresh	This simple yet shiver-inducing tale, the auspicious feature debut of Australian writer/director Jennifer Kent, makes for one of the better horror movies of recent times.
fresh	It presents grief as a demon, questions reality, and creeps out the viewer by making psychopathology seem like something that could happen to anybody.
fresh	If you go to see The Babadook, be sure to have your wits about you. This movie will scare you out of them.
fresh	At its heart, "The Babadook" is a story of mother and son, whose relationship ultimately determines whether they survive the demon - or die trying.
fresh	When the film turns horrifying, The Babadook deftly negotiates the thin line between a well-handled metaphor and a hamfisted one and never strays from the right side of it.
fresh	In the running with Boyhood as my favorite movie of 2014 is another work that turns on the challenges of parenting. This one is a tad more insane.
fresh	As someone who has developed a pretty thick Critic's Shield from years of watching standard haunted house/possessed human/mythological-creature fare, I have to say I was genuinely freaked out by some of the passages in The Badabook.
fresh	Tthrowback horror picture that grips us with pounding in the night, startling effects such as the appearance of roaches and pools of black blood, and lightning-flash manifestations of the supernatural.
fresh	It's incredibly chilling, but the horror doesn't take away from the raw emotion of a mother struggling against herself and stuck between connecting with her child or hurting him.
fresh	The direction is plain and demonstrative, emphasising the isolation and confinement of the characters in a world (and specifically a home) that seems to have turned against them.
fresh	The Babadook is a stunning feature film debut for writer-director Jennifer Kent, who lends humanity to the genre without sacrificing the creep factor.
fresh	It's a movie that uses dread and suspense, not cheap jump scares. It's also a movie that unsettles with deep psychological unpleasantness. And it's got a pretty killer title, as well.
fresh	The Australian thriller The Babadook is one of the most terrifying horror movies this year, because it roots its shocks in the most primal of emotions: mother love.
fresh	Boasting brilliant performances from the two leads, it will be the cause of many a nightmare.
fresh	The Babadook is easily the best horror film of 2014. But bolstered by knockout performances, and a mind-bending narrative beautifully shot and colored, The Babadook is so much more. It's one of the best films of the year.
fresh	The Babadook frightens because it feels true.
fresh	A haunting masterpiece of psychological horror, claustrophobia and paranoia in the vein of Roman Polanski's Rosemary's Baby and The Tenant, Stanley Kubrick's The Shining and William Friedkin's The Exorcist.
rotten	The Babadook makes a convincing argument for classy, psychological horror cinema even as it fails to meet its own lofty standard.
fresh	Few male directors could've conveyed Amelia's wretched state without making her seem hideous or shown Sam's deep anger without making him unlikable. Kent has done both and left us to decide exactly what we think about this troubled [relationship].
fresh	The best horror movie I've seen in a very, very long time.
fresh	About halfway through, I grabbed my notes and moved to the back row of the theater, because the empty seats behind me were creeping me out. By the end of the movie, I was wishing I could turn the lights on.
fresh	Jennifer Kent's tremendously atmospheric and creepy horror comes highly recommended for those who like complex characterisation and ambiguity with their thrills and chills.
fresh	The imminence of both half-term and Halloween certainly makes for a varied batch of releases, with The Babadook firmly at the scary end of the spectrum. It is properly chilling.
fresh	It's very personal, and it plays on the very real fears and anxieties of parenthood in a way that never feels "cool," but that always feels authentic.
fresh	A supernatural fairy tale with real humanity, The Babadook is a resounding success. If you hear him knocking, be sure to let Mister Babadook in.
fresh	The Babadook doesn't just tower over this year's other fright films: It's one of the most emotionally affecting pieces of macabre cinema in years.
fresh	In this fickle genre, the recently released Jennifer Kent-directed Australian film The Babadook offers hope and reminds us that classic suspense is still alive.
fresh	Finally, a good horror movie with scary thrills, but also ambiguity and psychological subtext
fresh	This Australian thriller is refreshing because it smartly generates its chills from true psychological horrors rather than jump scares or technical gimmicks.
fresh	An elegant little horror film reminiscent of Roman Polanski's "apartment trilogy" ... albeit minus Polanski's kinky male gaze.
fresh	"The Babadook," a small but inventive and seriously chilling horror story, is a monsterpiece.
rotten	The film strives for horror in the way of The Shining or Silence of the Lambs, but it's more like Annabelle with better cinematography, which isn't a compliment.
fresh	"Babadook" an Impressive Calling Card
fresh	... a minor masterpiece of the macabre ... Be afraid, be very afraid: the Babadook is more than a Down Under Freddy Krueger ... Reminds us that the real monsters under the bed are Mommy and Daddy.
fresh	"The Babadook" is a well constructed character study, but may fail to creep out some jaded horror lovers.
fresh	While The Babadook is a well-crafted, insightful, and overall excellent film, it's not going to be for everyone.
fresh	Smart, emotional, intelligent and above all terrifying, it's the sort of film that keeps you wondering, the sort that will delight horror fans and might even convert a fencesitter to the genre.
fresh	This is a dark and shivery story about motherhood, a common subject for horror movies, but one that's rarely treated with such intelligence or seriousness of intent.
fresh	This movie is the glass in the soup, the big bad wolf under the bed.
fresh	Kent has taste, an eye and a knack for brisk, accelerated pacing. In the case of "The Babadook," familiarity breeds an eerily gratifying contentment.
fresh	Suggests the pressures faced by working women can be more harrowing than any horror movie...
fresh	Director Jennifer Kent's first feature is one of the best debuts, and scariest films, of the year.
fresh	Writer-director Jennifer Kent lets the dread creep in slowly, and wisely goes easy on the effects; she knows that hand-drawn pop-ups can be more than enough to unsettle things
fresh	An extraordinary film that taps into the fears of both childhood and adulthood.
fresh	Jennifer Kent's startling debut is an artful horror-chiller that gets under your skin and into your psyche.
fresh	It's an impressive benchmark in the genre and a most powerful debut.
fresh	Thanks to its deft melding of psychological and physical terror, as well as its unwillingness to rely on cheap tricks, Jennifer Kent's debut feature is a triumph.
fresh	Credit writer-director Jennifer Kent for lending her Australian indie a healthy dose of brains and subtlety, giving it a distinct advantage over most modern horror films.
fresh	"The Babadook" is urgent, uncanny and entirely disturbing, a dream within a dream within a nightmare. It is the best English language supernatural film of this new century.
fresh	We can't help but follow because we empathize with every character -- even the big black sharp-fingered monster that pops up from the dark depths of the subconscious to wreak havoc in the supposed safety of daylight.
fresh	as dramatically compelling as it is scary (and it is, indeed, very scary)
fresh	I don't scare easily. This one freaked me out.
fresh	With its mixture of frights both literal and literary, "The Babadook" will, I suspect, satisfy horror's devotees as much as the genre's doubters.
fresh	This is a really scary movie.
fresh	Kent knows that maternal madness is a subject for prime cinematic terror. Either placidly succumbing to insanity with heavy eyelids and a half-smile, or roaring, caught in its vortex, the brave Essie Davis is completely convincing.
fresh	This film is a fresh combination of familiar horror elements.
fresh	Calling it the best horror picture of the year -- though it is -- does it a grave disservice, since it is, in fact, one of the best horror films of our relatively young century.
fresh	The Babadook, for all its primal borrowing from other movies, is first and foremost a Jennifer Kent film, and it's great. She's burned her influences, and the result is indelible, and toxic and scalding and scarifying and terrific to the touch.
fresh	Writer/director Jennifer Kent has created a modern horror masterpiece in this film. It is about as creepy as creepy can get.
fresh	One of the best horror movies to come along in years.
fresh	Sometimes you go to a movie and know from the first image that whoever made it knows what she's doing. You don't need convincing. You're there with her. Jennifer Kent's The Babadook is like that.
fresh	The Shining in miniature. If Sylvia Plath made a horror film, this would be it.
fresh	It wants to get to the core of our fears: the ones that don't need a fright mask to keep us up at night.
fresh	Director Kent has made the kind of striking film that is going to have mainstream Hollywood haunting her like a Babadook in a bad mood. For the sake of her idiosyncratic vision, let's hope she doesn't frighten easily.
fresh	Director Jennifer Kent's first outing as a horror director is a downright flawless effort...
fresh	The Babadook is without a doubt the most thrilling and satisfying horror film of the year. Its thick, gloomy atmosphere and remarkable performance from Essie Davis certifies the long lasting significance of a terrific cinematic experience.
fresh	Reminiscent of German Expressionist horror films-The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari in particular-Mister Babadook himself is a masterpiece of design and implementation.
fresh	...about the dark side that any bone-weary parent can sometimes feel creeping up within.
fresh	What makes "The Babadook" great is the depth in which it sinks its fangs into human emotion, particularly the way we grieve. Keeping the pain bottled up can literally kill you. But facing it and learning to tame it, live with it, can be liberating.
fresh	No matter how successful The Babadook turns out to be - and Jennifer Kent's horror story deserves all the success it gets - the prospects of a best-selling kid-lit tie-in don't look good.
fresh	No one likes to think there are limits to a parent's love, especially a mother's - tricky but fertile territory for horror, explored here by first time (!) writer-director Jennifer Kent.
fresh	A potent journey through the fears, anxieties, and repressed rages of motherhood.
fresh	Shot in chilly shades of blue, "The Babadook" will haunt anyone who's ever heard a cry in the night - or wondered what was under the bed, in the dark.
fresh	Australian writer/director Jennifer Kent makes a stunningly assured feature filmmaking debut with this unnerving thriller.
fresh	There's a grand divide between what Kent has done here and what most of us consider horror. You'll spend your first week after the experience sleeping with the lights on. You will also come away enriched and provoked.
fresh	It's rare that you get a good, new movie monster.
fresh	Deeply unsettling, thanks to Essie Davis' gradually more unhinged performance and writer-director Jennifer Kent's emphasis on atmosphere over quick scares.
fresh	Forget Insidious and its ilk, The Babadook is where it's at for supernatural horror in the home.
fresh	Writer-director Jennifer Kent's domestic-horror movie The Babadook satisfyingly pierces the obscene sanctification of "mommyhood" -- a pathological mandate that seems to have become an irreversible cultural imperative.
fresh	The Babadook burrows under your skin, continually prodding you with increasingly disturbing ideas. You don't just walk away from this movie; it follows you.
fresh	An intense, terrifying indie horror film with more on its mind than scaring its audience.
fresh	Kent's debut feature combines the bumps and creaks of the classic haunted-house movie with the visceral kick of Australian exploitation films.
fresh	An expressionist masterpiece that engages with personal concerns in a fashion that is terrifying and emotional. It will one day be ranked in the pantheon of horror classics
fresh	The disturbingly realistic performance from Essie Davis as a mom out of her depth makes The Babadook one of the most chilling horror stories of the past few years.
fresh	Still capable of sending viewers into watch-through-fingers mode. That it has substance and understanding of real-world dread is merely icing on the cake.
fresh	The finest and most genuinely provocative horror movie to emerge in this still very-new century.
fresh	The Babadook makes everyday domestic life seem like the most natural possible place to encounter monsters of every description, including the monsters that we ourselves have the capacity to become.
fresh	The Babadook makes the most of its special effects as needed, but this smart little frightener keeps its head close to the rising anxiety of a young widow whose husband died a violent death.
fresh	You will be scared. And also, perhaps even more scarily, moved.
fresh	Although the supernatural seems the likeliest answer, it's not the only one, and audiences can read the film either way.
fresh	The film's scares rely on the unknown, and Kent shows a great deal of restraint in avoiding the typical tactics of the genre...
fresh	One of the best scary movies in a decade... presenting a completely unnerving spooky story about one of contemporary horror's most deliciously-expressed monsters
fresh	A small film that packs a horribly big punch.
fresh	"The Babadook" is a smart, darkly drawn modern-day horror movie of monsters, memories and mothers.
fresh	The Babadook is a film that Val Lewton and Jacques Tourneur, screen horror's high priests of the unseen, would approve of.
fresh	In an age when horror movies have mostly become lazy and toothless, here's one with ambition and bite.
fresh	This psychological thriller from gifted first-time filmmaker Jennifer Kent will have you climbing the walls simply by plumbing the violence of the mind. Brace yourself.
fresh	Thick with atmosphere and rife with foreboding happenings, The Babadook is one of the best horror films so far this decade.
fresh	It's the most horror I've felt at a horror film since Neil Marshall's The Descent, one where the scares don't release the tension - they harrow.
fresh	The Babadook knows your true fear - having a kid who sucks
fresh	"An exceptionally rich psychological portrait of a woman, it's an enormously compassionate and sadly relevant film about misplaced blame and the often impossible demands of motherhood."
fresh	I like to imagine watching this chilling Australian horror film with late, great authors Shel Silverstein, Roald Dahl and Edward Gorey - all of whom would have relished its twisted children's storybook at the center of things.
fresh	Simple, elemental horror, pretty well-executed.
fresh	What really distinguishes The Babadook, however, is the metaphorical potency of its narrative.
fresh	One of the smartest and most effective horror films in years.
fresh	It's almost a shame it turns into a ghost movie at all, but not quite.
fresh	This is a different kind of nail-biter that has less to do with demonic possession than with the renegade power of an untamed imagination.
fresh	An engrossing Australian ghost story.
fresh	Let a law be passed, requiring all horror films to be made by female directors.
fresh	The Babadook is anything but predictable, unveiling a chilling tale with emotional depth, well developed characters, and intense, heart-pounding moments of terror.
fresh	Intelligently presented creepy mood piece 'Old Dark House' horror thriller.
fresh	Somehow, Kent takes these tried and true tropes, whacks them on the nose, and conjures something surprisingly eerie, Freudian and jittery.
fresh	An oppressive experience that fills one with tension, causes the hairs to stand up, the fingers to curl and nails to dig into the upholstered arms of the chair.
fresh	Using the imagery of German Expressionism and the creepy techniques of David Lynch, Kent has created a psychological horror which gradually shifts the ground beneath our feet.
fresh	Jennifer Kent's debut excels at what you might call grief horror ... the ending finds a rare emotional realism in what could have been a run-of-the-mill creepshow.
fresh	A solid (if derivative) little thriller...
fresh	The Babadook promises many sleepless nights to come. Fresh, moving and hide-behind-your-coat scary this will undoubtedly be the standout horror film of 2014.
fresh	A scary, stylish, beautifully acted and, for the most part, refreshingly original haunted house movie.
fresh	An instant classic. Urgent yet compassionate, unyielding as well as frostily whimsical, the film transforms again and again as it cackles in the face of expectations.
fresh	To borrow a line from Pixar's Monsters Inc: "We scare because we care."
fresh	What's been delivered here is a potent brew of psychological terror mixed with a genuinely spooky story, making The Babadook easily the best horror movie of recent years.
fresh	Jennifer Kent's striking debut feature is a bold and intensely emotional psychological horror.
fresh	The supernatural undercurrents are spooky, but the intimations of real-life traumas are still more disturbing.
fresh	The Australian writer-director Jennifer Kent's bravura new horror pic combines subtlety and psychological depth with some very full-blooded shock tactics.
fresh	The vast majority, however, follow the "baby in peril" route most recently seen in the generic demon doll picture Annabelle. It's surprisingly rare for a film to tap into the genuinely scary things about parenting.
rotten	This slow-burning Australian chiller is well-acted and often quite stylish but it feels awfully familiar and surprisingly tame by the time it reaches an anti-climax of an ending.
fresh	Eerie and unsettling, this is a promising debut from an exciting new talent.
fresh	Genuinely horrific and deeply scary in a way that draws on the most primal of emotions. A horror flick with rare emotional and psychological resonance.
fresh	The film is a feast of inventive design emanating outwards from the book's pages, which suggest a collaboration between the Polish pop-up artist Jan Pienkowski and the morbid dreamscapes of Edward Gorey.
fresh	The Babadook leaves behind it a satisfyingly toxic residue of fear.
fresh	Kent's picture has all the requisite creepy atmosphere of your standard possessed-home flick, but its trump card is an almost unbearable dread.
fresh	A haunting tale with deep wells of howling grief at its centre, this is one bedtime story that will stay with you for weeks. Sleep tight...
fresh	An atmospheric psychological thriller which unfolds like a postnatally depressed Repulsion.
fresh	One of the strongest, most effective horror films of recent years - with awards-quality lead work from Essie Davis, and a brilliantly designed new monster who could well become the break-out spook archetype of the decade.
fresh	The Babadook is a brilliantly made, elegant horror film, with real psychological depth.
rotten	The Babadook is a horror fable that's light on terror and heavy on whiny children, making for an uneven watch that squanders potential around far too many corners.
fresh	I never believed that it would be a fable that ended in a moral, hard-won, rather than a fairytale with a happily ever after.
fresh	it tells an unnerving, tragic tale of grief and guilt, of maternity and madness, of love and loss, while always sublimating its subtext to cellar or closet... it is beautifully told, giving untold horrors a true, anguished face.
fresh	Skilfully directed, the film is perfectly poised between real and unreal and manages to be both emotionally rich and disturbingly creepy, remaining ambiguous to the end.
fresh	The raw honesty which lies beneath this tale of loneliness, loss and coping mechanisms makes for emotionally impactful viewing, tinged with both sadness and hope.
fresh	Similar in tone...to stylish spookers such as Mama and The Ring, The Babadook is highly proficient, tightly directed, armrest-clutching stuff made by people who know how to press the right buttons.
fresh	The Babadook proves once again that an original and personal vision is the principal requisite for an interesting film, but in this case the director's work with two wonderful actors is crucial to the film's success.
fresh	What I really liked about this film was the cohesiveness of the ideas in it and, I don't know, I just thought it was so finely pitched and intriguing from go to whoa.
fresh	Jennifer Kent's clever, thoroughly satisfying and neatly unsettling debut feature is about a kind of haunting, but of who or what? This is the question that simmers throughout the film.
fresh	I'm no fan of horror movies but this one delivers a convincingly powerful study in domestic havoc.
fresh	Featuring both a gripping lead performance by Essie Davis and one of the most creepifying monsters to ever stalk your dreams, The Babadook sets a bar by which future local horror films will be measured.
fresh	So much more interesting and idiosyncratic than most horror films (whether from Japan or Australia or America), The Babadook is original and compelling
fresh	Creepy from the outset, Jennifer Kent's debut horror thriller has plenty going for it, from the unsettling mood created to a standout performance by Australian actress Essie Davis
fresh	You may not believe in bogeymen, but you better believe The Babadook is the best Australian film in years.
fresh	Essie Davis delivers the best performance of her career (thus far), an emotionally draining, physically demanding portrayal of a mothers love tested by demons both psychological and supernatural.
fresh	Davis gives possibly the performance of her career in The Babadook, portraying this emotionally destroyed woman with an authenticity and honesty that is punishing to watch.
fresh	The film works as great horror fiction thanks entirely to the believability afforded the protagonist's psychological state.
fresh	The tension is real, the scares are genuine and the end product is a classic horror masterpiece that deserves a place among the greats.
fresh	Its horrors go beyond any single raggedy phantom, reaching back to the primordial fear of death and loss: of a child, of a loved one, of one's own sense of self.
fresh	Manages to deliver real, seat-grabbing jolts while also touching on more serious themes of loss, grief and other demons that can not be so easily vanquished.
fresh	The Babadook is the best genre creature creation since the big black wolf-dog aliens from Attack the Block.
fresh	...The Babadook is a smart, respectful horror that puts character and emotional issues first, yet never at the cost of a delightful and haunting fright.
fresh	An impressively chilling exercise in old-school restraint.
fresh	Throw in a few fresh images, great performances and enough creepy audio to have you fearing those dark corners again, and you have one entertaining and frightening experience in store.
fresh	Who thinks up a film like The Babadook? Actress-turned-debuting-feature-director Jennifer Kent has the narrative chutzpah to show her entire hand in the pop-up story and then make us squirm as foretold events come true.
fresh	With its whimsically ghoulish creation and frightfully real lead performances, The Babadook feels just like that actual nightmare you once had.
rotten	Has a smattering of effective moments and a creepy cinematographic look to it, but the sequel's redundancy to its predecessor and pulseless feints at tapping into human emotion leech the suspense out of the picture.
rotten	There's more to a good horror thriller than saying "boo" and killing children
rotten	Director Tom Harper frames the occasional lovely creepy shot, but the grayness is so enveloping it turns many night scenes and interiors into smoky blurs; the promising wartime themes similarly lose focus.
rotten	Falls short thanks to its contrived banality, too concerned with matching the exploits of the preceding endeavour than being unique and inventive in its own right.
rotten	Composed out of almost nothing but half-measures and recycled ideas, and the result is worse than terrible: it's astoundingly mediocre and plodding.
fresh	The sequel is about as far from the original source as you can get while still using the title, The Woman in Black. It is just as far away from being interesting.
rotten	What's missing from The Woman in Black 2, and what it needs most and has least of all, is suspense.
rotten	Director Tom Harper conveys this theme through dark, moldy-looking mise-en-scene and the uniformly sullen performances he elicits from the cast; you're more likely to find this depressing than scary.
rotten	Creepy but unnecessary sequel deals with war, kids in peril.
rotten	I can't deny that The Woman in Black 2: Angel of Death is a good looking, decently made ghost story. What I also can't deny is that it mostly just doesn't work, isn't scary and drags.
rotten	Feeble scares, punctuated by a creepy, predictable sound track...
rotten	A suspense-free step-down.
rotten	Rather than crafting a setpiece worthy of the atmosphere he's created, Harper falls back on easy, throw-the-boogens-in-the-audience's-face scares.
rotten	This is a case of taking things too far without the proper structure in place, leaving it trapped like its hapless protagonists far from safety.
rotten	Apparently the vengeful spirit was not satisfied and has settled for less compelling subjects to terrorize this time around, and less compelling ways to terrorize them.
fresh	A respectably effective, decorously English addition to the current ghost story wave - Frightfully Insidious, as it were.
rotten	It's just a lot of people skulking around in an old creaky house, idiotically calling out "Hello" to the things that go bump in the night. (Full Content Review -- Sex, Profanity, Violence, etc. -- for Parents also available)
rotten	The Woman in Black: Angel of Death reeks of a film that was hastily cobbled together in order to capitalise on the original film's success.
rotten	Redundancy is about all it offers, despite an entirely new set of characters and a story set 40 years after the early 20th-century original.
rotten	The first Woman in Black was a familiar horror story effectively told; the sequel is just as familiar, but the presentation is lacking.
fresh	Director Tom Harper makes inventive use of the settings.
rotten	The Woman in Black 2: Angel of Death is yet another example that not all successful horror movies have what it takes to become successful horror franchises.
rotten	"The Woman in Black 2" might have served as an effective tribute to movies like "Curse of the Cat People." That is, if it hadn't completely squandered all this goodwill in its last third.
rotten	The Woman may be back for another fright, but Angel of Death doesn't haunt like it should.
fresh	It may not be very clever, and the plot may be full of holes, but this sequel's clammy atmosphere is so unnerving that it manages to keep us squirming in our seats.
rotten	So turgid and enervated that it's more likely to generate snores than shudders.
rotten	It's a dour, drab, dark movie, enlivened by some moderately effective chills in the first half but ultimately undone by its downbeat aimlessness.
rotten	It's mostly deadly dull, and when it does liven up a tad, the haunted house tale offers only wan shock tactics.
rotten	The title is more intimidating than the movie.
rotten	Te eerie power of the original novel, and its memorable 1989 ITV adaptation, is missed, because she's so much scarier seen at a distance.
rotten	The 1940s setting gives the film's first half some unearned gravity, but by the end the jump-scares and rote plot frightens away the good will.
rotten	There's building tension, and then there's cheaply toying with us. This movie is a prime example of the latter.
rotten	Are you scared yet? Check this box: Yes [ ] No [X].
rotten	A dull and Radcliffe-free continuation that's more about cashing in on a potential franchise than opening the tale up for a second inspection.
rotten	With an over-reliance on cheap jolts, this distaff sequel excels in fog-soaked atmosphere, but stumbles with its repetitive storytelling and stilted pacing.
rotten	Deathly dull
fresh	We return to Eel Marsh House, that spooky, bog-bedeviled pile haunted by the woman who clearly does not think orange is the new black, and holds a bit of a grudge against children as a species.
rotten	The director, Tom Harper, seems less interested in allegory than in monotonous, conventional goosing, the kind that involves flickering lights and a creaky rocking chair.
fresh	Flawed but genuinely creepy ghost story The Woman in Black 2: Angel of Death is disappointing, but only because it comes close to greatness.
rotten	She's back, the Woman in Black, and it does give one pause to wonder if it's for no better reason than to scare up some more box office lucre.
rotten	The material feels stale from nearly the first scene featuring the threatening old manse.
fresh	The Woman in Black 2: Angel of Death is an improvement on its predecessor. That said, the new installment is, at best, a serviceable creep show, one with far more chills than thrills.
rotten	not awful, just average
rotten	Director Tom Harper and screenwriter Jon Croker offer up plenty of atmosphere, but every good idea this sequel has to offer winds up taking a backseat to the most obvious cat-in-the-closet "BOO!" moments imaginable.
fresh	Director Tom Harper reins back on the Gothic overkill of the original, keeping the jump shocks to a minumum so when they come - you feel them.
fresh	Harper's well-appointed sequel has strong performances even if the Woman becomes a supporting character in her own tale.
rotten	A handsomely made but dramatically inert and not very scary sequel to 2012's surprise-hit ($127 million worldwide) Edwardian chiller.
rotten	The film is rarely truly scary despite a smattering of chilling moments.
rotten	The transparent title character from 2012's "The Woman in Black" is resurrected in this sequel, which abandons atmosphere for cheap scares.
rotten	Thinks it's hitting notes of subconscious dread, but it's just swinging a sledgehammer of tropes and hoping one of them sticks. (Spoiler: None do.)
rotten	despite an attempt to present a classy brand of horror, every ten minutes or so there is also gratuitous resort to a cheap jump-shock, in case viewers had forgotten that this is a quickie cash-in sequel rather than an old-school classic.
rotten	The film ends up cheapening its sense of empathy in its final mad rush to subject audiences to every incarnation of the jump scare imaginable.
rotten	It's the filmmakers' own lack of imagination that will likely doom this would-be franchise to an early grave.
fresh	A much bolder, braver horror sequel than most.
rotten	With a lot of repetitive jumps, jolts and shrieking, it's a haunted house story that's only marginally more unsettling than next year's stamp duty charges.
rotten	Over-egged, underwritten and less scary than a barrel of inherently friendly puppies, The Woman in Black 2: Angel of Death fails in just about every way a horror film can.
fresh	It's missing a stand-out shock but it's well-paced, stylish and, at times, deeply unsettling.
fresh	The denouement is unexpected and satisfying, while the peril provided by the Second World War backdrop cleverly matches the supernatural suspense.
fresh	A commercially driven sequel, sure - but still effective.
rotten	Predictable shock tactics, drippy wartime romance and scenes in which the characters leaf tremulously through Victorian photo albums and spout exposition.
rotten	By no means a disaster, The Woman in Black: Angel of Death's very adequateness is its own cautionary tale. The need to keep a franchise breathing but stable, cuts off the new possibilities to make it come thrillingly alive.
rotten	One of the ugliest films of the year, Maps to the Stars finds no visual storytelling methods at all, which is especially disappointing given the director's trademark audaciously sexualised grotesquery would have been a perfect fit...
rotten	"Maps to the Stars" fails to entertain or even make sense, at times. It's more odd than comical. It's peculiar without being droll.
fresh	Maps to the Stars has to be one of the most horrific black comedies I've ever seen... and for a meditation on the rich and famous, it felt a little too shallow at times.
fresh	Cronenberg is seriously late to the party.
fresh	At any rate, you're not going to bump into anything else this year that resembles it much at all.
rotten	Likely fascinating only to people who can't believe celebrities get constipated too.
rotten	If the mission given to cast members involved depicting the worst of human nature, then mission accomplished, for sure.
fresh	Cronenberg's films are always interesting to look at even when hobbled by a so-so script. Interesting that the screenwriter lets the studio brass off the hook, which indicates a certain tameness.
fresh	The characters are tainted in the eyes of society, but these eccentrics are clamoring over each other for their fifteen minutes of fame. Its tangled narrative is convoluted, but there's just enough in Maps to the Stars to worship in your own way.
rotten	The movie is also unfocused and a little too generalized for its targets to really take a hit.
rotten	This isn't a lousy film; it's a mediocre, ugly film about lousy people.
fresh	Hollywood has been disemboweling itself since... Sunset Boulevard and The Bad and the Beautiful, but those movies seem like Cream of Wheat compared to Cronenberg's wicked vision.
rotten	Maps zeroes in on all the worst things about Hollywood (especially actors) and cynically pushes them to the limits of grotesquery, but does it have anything insightful to offer?
rotten	Cronenberg doesn't pull any punches in his excoriation of this world, but he doesn't provide much revelatory insight either.
fresh	"Maps to the Stars" loses some steam near the end, and its resolution has the predetermined quality of Greek tragedy writ small. Still, I found it (as the Replacements song says) sadly beautiful.
rotten	The movie never really gets beyond nastiness, ending with grotesque scenarios that say little about the characters or their circumstances.
fresh	This is not the Hollywood satire some have taken it for, but instead, a four-hankie dry weep for the soul of a society where sensation high and low cannot match urge and habit.
rotten	Nothing about the film is all that titillating or revealing after years of True Hollywood stories, TMZ and weekly Kardashian adventures.
fresh	It is not for every taste. It is for the moviegoer who feels kinship with the Japanese gourmand who prizes those toxic slices of puffer fish that numb the lips and tongue.
rotten	According to Cronenberg, the script for "Maps to the Stars," by Bruce Wagner, began life more than twenty years ago, and it shows.
fresh	Scurvy, hilariously over-the-top ... as much Grand Guignol as show-biz farce ... Cronenberg and Moore get down and dirty, luxuriating in the fetid underbelly of a business built on greed and insecurity.
rotten	A dark film to be sure, even for (director David) Cronenberg. It emerges as an unpleasant, overly harsh critique. Only Julianne Moore's knowing take on the self-absorbed, washed-up actress can be called truly significant.
fresh	It's as if the film takes place after the cautionary tales of A Star is Born and Mulholland Drive have been told, and promptly ignored.
fresh	It's more effective in the quieter and intimate moments, when the exaggerations reveal a dark sense of humor layered with sardonic wit.
fresh	Cronenberg keeps this spinning in such a disorienting way that you're never really sure where it's going to go. I felt dead inside after watching Maps to the Stars. But, when I zoomed out, it became more interesting.
rotten	An unappealing drama about two families in Hollywood with dreadful family secrets.
rotten	Dark sendup of Hollywood mixes wit with abuse, dysfunction.
fresh	Maps to the Stars is the work of a stellar ensemble, fired up by the script's sharp dialogue.
fresh	Although it's been dismissed in some quarters as minor Cronenberg-and criticized for "getting Hollywood wrong," or something-it's a sneakily powerful movie.
rotten	There's a difference between tart and vinegary and Maps to the Stars is consistently on the wrong side of it.
rotten	As if "Day of the Locust" had been remade by actual locusts.
fresh	There are scads of scabrous inside-Hollywood psychodramas, but never a festering pyre on the order of David Cronenberg and Bruce Wagner's Maps to the Stars. What a hyperfocused duo of ghouls!
fresh	In 2015, this is what a major work of cinema looks like.
rotten	The acting is often as flat as the L.A. sunshine looks in this movie, and the whole thing just has a too-obvious feel to it; as if the makers watched "The Player" a few too many times.
fresh	Moore delivers something remarkable here: a completely ego-free portrait of a woman who knows only ego.
rotten	MAPS TO THE STARS forgets its initial goal and winds up being what it hates the most: a Hollywood movie.
fresh	The movie can be over-the-top and the characters are rarely anything more than vile. And yet, the whole thing is mesmerizing.
fresh	David Cronenberg has fashioned a distinguished career making films about death, disease, sexual perversity and violence. But it's doubtful he's ever directed anything as scabrous and self-loathing as Maps to the Stars.
fresh	You may be feeling not so charitable about the dream factory. If so, boy howdy, does David Cronenberg have a movie for you.
fresh	Although the physical and emotional brutality on display is tough to take, it's hard to dismiss the film's pitch dark ironies, painful truths and incendiary metaphors.
fresh	Julianne Moore caps off her recent triumph as Best Actress in Still Alice with the portrayal of an actress who is simply the worst.
fresh	A dark and twisted Hollywood Gothic that - with its mixed-together helpings of incest, murder, madness and surreality - can feel a little more like David Lynch than Cronenberg.
fresh	Disturbingly excessive, but perversely funny and emotionally roiling.
fresh	For all its venom, "Maps" is one of the more compassionate movies from Cronenberg.
rotten	A lot of the movie works, but enough doesn't for "Maps to the Stars" to go down as a lost opportunity and one of this director's braver missteps.
fresh	Cronenberg's dark comic blast into the dazzle and depravity of Hollyweird. Moore delivers a tour de force of ego unleashed. You can laugh with Maps to the Stars, but you can't laugh it off.
rotten	an insider's account of Hollywood inhumanity with nothing new or particularly unique to report
rotten	Contains as much sex and gore as any film the Hieronymus Bosch of body horror has created, to less value.
fresh	It's a little too chilly, and in some places too easy. But you may find yourself drawn back to it, and retracing its route from the familiar to the uncanny, from entertainment to revulsion, from dream to nightmare.
fresh	Love it or hate it,...clearly the work of a filmmaker with a unique--as well as provocative--vision and a distinctive, compelling style.
fresh	An entertaining tour of Tinseltown served with poisoned popcorn.
fresh	It rests quite comfortably in the realm of Greek tragedy, dealing in incest, ghosts, and devastating family secrets. It should be noted that Maps to the Stars is also supremely creepy and really funny.
fresh	Beyond performances from Moore and Wasikowska that rank among their best, Maps to the Stars is compelling as a weird statement on one directing stalwart's experience looking inside the machine that he avoided for so long.
rotten	The cast offers up an impressive variety of grotesques, even if no performance seems to occupy quite the same tonal register as any other.
rotten	If a pointless and nasty Hollywood satire filled with vile characters and no one to root for sounds like a good time, go see Maps to the Stars.
fresh	An entertaining entertainment satire that's long in the making, even though there's nothing we haven't seen before.
rotten	Mr. Cronenberg's reputation for daring defeats him here.
rotten	"Maps to the Stars" is an ugly little movie, unrelenting in its despair and depravity, which is exactly how director David Cronenberg wants it.
fresh	Cronenberg's elegant framing and camerawork are reminiscent of a photographer shooting wild fauna - he's fascinated and amused by this strange land - but his fondness for horror and disturbing imagery eventually seep into the picture.
fresh	While it lacks outright Cronenbergian pleasures, "Maps to the Stars" repeatedly connects as a dark comedy and insidious display of rancid human behavior.
rotten	Maps offers almost nothing but recycled insights, regurgitating ancient anti-Hollywood cliches. It's a movie you've seen many times before, just never in the perverse key of Cronenberg.
fresh	A cool, messed up movie from Cronenberg.
rotten	This isn't a parody of a bad Hollywood satire; it's like an alien world that's an antiseptic recreation of Los Angeles shot in bland digital - where even the Hollywood sign is on a tiny, disheartening molehill.
rotten	This train wreck is nasty and mean without making any coherent point.
fresh	Ultimately, "Maps" doesn't take us anywhere we haven't been before, but it's an occasionally fascinating, if messy, ride.
rotten	The goal here is cynical satire. The result, sadly, is just a yawn.
rotten	Whatever celluloid renaissance David Cronenberg once experienced seems to be cracking and his latest production adds a nasty fissure.
rotten	Even the kinky stuff seems dull, after a while
fresh	Whenever Moore's onscreen - which, thankfully, is often - Maps to the Stars works like gangbusters.
fresh	Exercising spectacular control, director David Cronenberg permits not a single iota of humanity or altruism to sneak into this twisted tale.
fresh	It is a difficult movie -- at once bitterly funny, deeply unsettling and sometimes a little silly. That's not a bad description of Hollywood and the cult of celebrity, too.
fresh	Maps To The Stars is never less than queasily compelling.
rotten	This doesn't feel like a movie where grown-ups were involved.
fresh	Quite hilarious in a deeply disturbing way that you won't want to look straight on at, lest it forever ruin you as a lover of movies.
fresh	Has elements of "The Players," "Mulholland Drive," and "Myra Breckenridge."
fresh	Though hardly a feel-good film for the ages, this drop down the other side of a career peak lands exactly in the very place it should.
rotten	It offers up plenty of reasons to avoid Hollywood, but few reasons why you'd want to watch the movie. Is it a sendup of the film business, a ghostly nightmare, or a stone-cold drama about dysfunctional families? It's hard to say.
fresh	A scabrous journey through Hollywood's malignant mindset that starts with narcissism and ends with death rituals.
fresh	An abrasive, funny, smartly acted meditation on life in contemporary Hollywood.
fresh	I was distanced but not bored.
fresh	Technically very simple, Maps lacks the style and flair we associate with the master Canadian auteur. But the money here is in the performances ... It's fun and bizarre and laugh-out loud funny at times.
rotten	With its themes of incest, suicide, death and greed, Maps to the Stars is a caricature masquerading as a satire and playing like a nihilist expose.
rotten	Using the worst of Hollywood to glue its string of unlikeable, disturbed characters together, David Cronenberg has created a bizarre and repulsive reality of extremes.
fresh	More ghost story and psychodrama than satire, Maps to the Stars suggests a world of the inescapable, in which everything comes back to haunt you.
rotten	The nadir of David Cronenberg's progressively spotty career...
fresh	Setting up his characters like so many whirling dervishes in an open square, Cronenberg lets his humans spin in circles, where every so often, they bump into each other and make a bruise, or worse.
fresh	Cronenberg's vision is as bright as a sunlamp, sterile as an operating theatre and still as a morgue.
fresh	David Cronenberg pans satiric gold from the muck of celebrity ills, in a Tinseltown where reality depends on your dosage.
fresh	With none of the characters happy at work, Cronenberg turns the screw on all of them at home in a brazenly unhinged, classy psychological horror thriller.
fresh	It could be a long time before Canada's favourite son finds himself invited to an awards after party.
fresh	A script written in venom, Cronenberg on bullish form and a cast on full power; this is one of the best Hollywood take-downs ever mounted.
fresh	A tale of terminal Tinseltown wastrels with the twisted structure of a Greek tragedy and the rictus grin of a freshly poisoned sitcom.
fresh	As it explores Hollywood's inbred underbelly, this film becomes increasingly deranged and also rather dark and creepy, but it's so fiercely entertaining that it's impossible to look away from the screen.
fresh	Horrifying, hallucinatory and deliciously compelling.
fresh	Cinematographer Peter Suschitzky's glossy fug and all that ugly beauty makes it impossible not to think of David Lynch's Twin Peaks on Ambien. Repugnant in the best sense.
fresh	Hollywood, with all its surface chumminess and lingering, murderous hatreds, provides an ideal backdrop for Bruce Wagner's scabrous screenplay, and Cronenberg tackles the subject with an almost gleeful relish.
fresh	As "Havana Segrand," an actress dying for a big comeback, Moore illustrates her most vibrant and fruitful interpretation since "Cathy Whitaker" in Far from Heaven.
fresh	It reveals itself as far more Cronenbergian than it first seemed, full of that dreamy enrapturement with aberration and perversity, offering no moral stance.
fresh	Cronenberg's movie fuses elements of Mommie Dearest and Sunset Blvd with the dreamy surreality of David Lynch's Mulholland Drive ...
fresh	Full of intrigue and well-orchestrated twists, it's a brutal yet funny viewing experience.
fresh	Remorseless, relentless and underscored by a pitch black humour, this is an acidic assault on a Hollywood stoned on the self-delusion that it's a hard-working utopia, an altruistic fountain gushing the milk of human kindness.
fresh	David Cronenberg indulges in a grotesque inter-family orgy on the golden sidewalks of Hollywood.
fresh	The Canadian horror maestro scrapes away the surface of Hollywood to discover a magnificently Cronenbergian outbreak of tortured families, reprehensible behaviour and extreme violence.
rotten	A significant disappointment, more grim family saga about a literally incestuous show business family than lively, entertaining or even vaguely amusing comedy.
rotten	The whole thing rarely rises above in-jokey parody, and we hardly ever care enough about the characters to feel anything at all.
fresh	Moore makes the character's inner fury and outer serenity simultaneously accessible to us without either predominating. Her carefree external laughter cannot extinguish the screams inside.
fresh	David Cronenberg, master of horror both of body and mind, offers a Machiavellian tribute to Hollywood; an elaborate circus of errors that's not too far from the fake smiles and boardroom handshakes of the real thing.
rotten	The dialogue bites and scratches and there is the sting of something like the truth in certain situations, but as the clunky plot laboriously joins the dots towards a melodramatic finale it all feels desperately obvious and not a little silly.
fresh	For these fractured family units, incest seems the natural endgame of a merit system based exclusively on pernicious nepotism and inveterate ass-kissing.
rotten	A rude and raucous LA cesspool reality check especially for star struck audience obsessives, the film walks an exceedingly fine line between exposing Hollywood self-dehumanization, and crossing it. Along with retaliatory menstruation, and other delights.
fresh	A "map to the stars" can be two different things: a tacky accessory of celebrity culture, or a diagram of cosmic energy.
rotten	...the satirical tone feels off-key and the narrative is disappointingly disjointed but seemingly aware of it, as if it's playfully reveling in its lack of cinematic coherence.
rotten	The metaphysical bores Cronenberg, and it shows...
fresh	Better than COSMOPOLIS but goes off the rails in the second half. Has some brilliant moments.
rotten	Maps to the Stars sees Cronenberg relapsing into old habits, for better or worse.
fresh	Moore delivers the film's most consistently, fascinatingly insecure performance, embodying an entire industry's desperation and determination within the fraying persona of a nearly-there has-been.
fresh	So crisply directed, furiously paced and gleefully performed that you go along for the ride.
fresh	It has some of the satirical flavour of Nathanael West's Day Of The Locust and some of the warped, dream-like feel of David Lynch's Mulholland Drive.
rotten	Jaded Hollywood satire and portentous family melodrama make for a wearisome combination in David Cronenberg's misjudged latest.
fresh	If Sunset Boulevard, All About Eve and Kenneth Anger's Hollywood Babylon took a bunch of prescription medication...had a three-way and conceived a child, nine months later the child would look something like Map To The Stars.
rotten	There's a clinical detachment to [the film] ... evident in the soap-opera cinematography, the half-hearted plotting and the contempt with which [Cronenberg] treats his characters.
fresh	For a movie that has so many problems, it is one of the more watchable ones.
fresh	Cronenberg's film takes place in a kind of pharmaceutically heightened hyper-reality of its own: it's not so much a twisted dream of making it in show-business, as a writhing, hissing, Hollywood waking nightmare.
fresh	Cronenberg never strays from the big picture of a world not only comprised of destructive impulses, but designed to breed more of them.
rotten	I don't get it. I look at these images in this film, and I can't imagine this is what anyone had in mind.
fresh	This creepy portrait of Beverly Hills screw-ups is deeply silly, but it has just enough venomous bite
fresh	A gripping and exquisitely horrible movie about contemporary Hollywood - positively vivisectional in its sadism and scorn.
rotten	The film doesn't quite get away with its attempt to reconcile satire with pathos, but it comes perilously close.
rotten	Comes off like a prank more than a coherent take on 21st century Hollywood, even if there are crumbs of truth and wit scattered throughout it.
rotten	Part showbiz sendup, part ghost story, part dysfunctional-family drama, the movie instead comes across as so much jaded mumbo-jumbo.
rotten	Cronenberg is now in a phase that simply no longer speaks to me, a cold and dreary cinema that's as dull as it is forgettable.
rotten	Two hours whose every restless minute is felt, no matter how fetchingly and frequently the stunning Emily Browning croons directly to the camera.
rotten	It's trying to go for the rainbow, the big magic, a thunderbolt of release, but never quite hits the mark.
fresh	God Help the Girl is about aspirations and goals, musical or otherwise. Murdoch is working some things out here, gracefully on the whole.
rotten	"Girl" meanders narratively and with random chronology ...
fresh	The movie is like a milk shake so sweet that you want to keep drinking, even as you begin to gag.
fresh	It's adorable. It's also very thin.
fresh	I can't help but have a pooling soft spot shy of a puddle of swoon for "God Help The Girl," the expectedly twee but crazy-charming lovable coming-of-age musical written and directed by Stuart Murdoch, also known as the lead singer of Belle & Sebastian.
fresh	Too cute at times, but ultimately kind of charming.
fresh	Browning, staring down the camera and singing up a storm, brings buckets of soulfulness to a script that might not be terribly deep.
rotten	At 90 minutes, this material might have sped through. Coming closer to two hours, it drags.
fresh	Murdoch's film is sweet monument to that age, when life had the promise of a perfectly crafted pop song. God Help the Girl is not so perfectly crafted, but the promise -- oh, the promise is irresistible.
rotten	Like the music, the filmmaking habitually meanders.
fresh	God Help the Girl's second-act showstopper "Musician, Please Take Heed" probably won't become a "Let It Go"-level cultural phenomenon, but it very much deserves to be.
fresh	If, like me, you have a weakness for movies where people burst into song, this will be right up your alley
fresh	God Help the Girl is extremely twee. It gives you every reason to hate it, and yet, despite its affectations, it is also pretty wonderful.
fresh	The lively, playful, self-aware musical God Help the Girl has such a will-o'-the-wisp quality you fear it will disappear if you attempt to fence it.
fresh	God Help the Girl is like a pop song that is a bit unshapely and a little silly, but you can't get it out of your head.
rotten	Some of the tunes are catchy and the production numbers are choreographed with a charming whimsy, but ultimately the mundane lyrics don't have enough substance beneath the surface.
fresh	Twee indie musical about art's healing power has charm.
rotten	A gentle musical drama that ultimately drifts into too many culs-de-sac.
fresh	This isn't a memorable or especially serious film, despite its nod toward "issues," but it has an insouciant spirit all its own.
fresh	The picture (and its leading actors) are so likable that I'm inclined to forgive its flaws.
fresh	It was made for the young, to become a traditional rite of passage for anyone who picks up a guitar, hates the world but is equally frightened of it.
rotten	The movie doesn't quite make it to two hours, but my patience was tried pretty much any point at which the movie went a long stretch without a song.
rotten	Belle and Sebastian fans will be fully sated; everyone else might feel as if they'd consumed a meal consisting entirely of meringue.
rotten	The movie's heart is true and its effort is laudable, but it doesn't end up tackling these ideas in a truly satisfactory manner.
fresh	an amateurish effort, but it's also a bright and ebullient attempt to explain how the sounds surrounding us both soothe and suffocate
fresh	...but for those who are open to the experience, God Help the Girl is enjoyable on two fronts: the high energy shared by its three leads, who seem like a group it would be fun to pal around with; and Murdoch's songwriting.
rotten	If God Help the Girl were any more precious, Gollum would steal it.
fresh	God Help the Girl is like a good song that stays with you long after it's over.
fresh	The sheer earnestness and unassuming glee of the film manage to pull off what contemporary musicals have been unable to do lately: evoke pure joy and enthrallment.
fresh	Inconsistent in a way contemporary productions rarely are, its shortcomings the result of an excess of creative energy, rather than a lack thereof.
rotten	It essentially amounts to a series of music videos.
fresh	God Help The Girl is ultimately an affirmation of life and music: a quirky little how-to manual on surviving the worst of youth by learning how to contain it within a frame.
fresh	Browning captures Eve's weariness and enthusiasm, and her lovely voice and crisp delivery gives Murdoch's labored lyrics a vulnerable immediacy.
rotten	Stuart Murdoch clearly knows quite a bit about crafting pop tunes, but the film's consideration of the work of songwriting is totally flippant.
fresh	With bouncy pop tunes and a breezy tone, this Scottish musical sometimes feels so weightless that it seems to float right out of existence. At other times it's startlingly dark and moving, touching on earthy emotions and important themes.
fresh	God Help the Girl has a ramshackle charm and the naked sincerity of an earnest adolescent. It cuddles up; it wins you over.
fresh	Anyone who is brought out in hives by Murdoch's brand of pop will undoubtedly be itching to slap his threesome... but Belle and Sebastian fans will be in heaven.
fresh	The occasional awkwardness of God Help the Girl is part of its considerable charm.
rotten	"Don't Give Up the Day Job" would have been a better title.
rotten	A spirit of youthful naivety does permeate the tale, but while it's sure to charm some, others may find it all insufferably twee.
fresh	Cynics will find it toe-curling in its whimsicality but incurable romantics will be won over but its sweet sincerity.
rotten	It's not funny or clever, or even musically very interesting. It's just bad.
fresh	Winsomely engaging, largely thanks to Emily Browning's gamine lead performance.
fresh	Like an artisan breadcrumb trail, God Helpthe Girl is made of disconnected parts yetones so tangythat it is easy to be tickled right until the end.
fresh	The whole phantasmagorical enterprise is so sweetly confident that it just about gets away with its entirely casual approach to believability.
fresh	It risks curling the toes of non-believers but wins you over in the end by wearing its heart so boldly on its sleeve.
fresh	As Marmite-y as Stuart Murdoch's music, you'll find it either winningly charming or irritatingly fey. Either way, its warmth shines through.
rotten	If only the characters were more focussed: as it is there's a sense that this a heartfelt film, without really touching the heart.
fresh	The cutesiness will entice /repel viewers in equal measure, but it has a lot of heart, and displays it on its sleeve.
fresh	God Help the Girl marks the writing-directing debut of Stuart Murdoch from Scottish musical duo Belle and Sebastian and it's marvelous in almost every respect.
fresh	The star, Emily Browning, is all bangs and eyes; there couldn't be a more perfect-looking physical representation of a Belle and/or a Sebastian if Stuart Murdoch Weird Science'd one into existence.
fresh	Polished, poised and endearingly confident, driven by editing and performances every bit as precise as the wordplay in Murdoch's lyrics.
rotten	God Help the Girl is a quaint, pretentious film, representative of a quaint, pretentious band.
fresh	It's easy to categorize Murdoch's film as a vanity project, but if it is, it's a very honest one.
fresh	Stuart Murdoch's story of three Scottish misfits who start a band is rife with the kind of giddy thrills and hormonal flushes you associate with being a teen.
rotten	An indie musical that feels like one long B-side.
fresh	Fraught with ambition and aspiration, but thin on talent and technique.
fresh	This debut film by Belle and Sebastian singer-songwriter Stuart Murdoch is a slender exercise in self-conscious charm.
rotten	A major gaffe, God Help The Girl finds a great artist taking on a huge challenge and stumbling painfully on its ambition almost every step of the way.
fresh	God Help The Girl has a soft whimsy that connects to a time before video clips put editing rhythms into overdrive.
fresh	It's warm and generous, verging on the sentimental; a film that crystallises the best and worst of Belle and Sebastian's songwriting skills.
fresh	Put in short, the film is chaos, but glorious, wondrous chaos that lets us see what genius looks like from the inside.
fresh	I'm attaching four stars more out of helplessness than critical acumen, by the way; if the film is beyond language, it's certainly beyond a traditional rating system.
rotten	Throughout this enigmatic film's short running time, I couldn't for the life of me make out what Godard was trying to say.
fresh	..we keep going back to Roxy and, astoundingly, Godard just about succeeds in allowing us to see the world through the dog's eyes, the implication being that it is the purer form of experience.
fresh	If this kind of synaptic brainstorm sounds like an invigorating cinematic experience, I'm here to tell you that watching Goodbye to Language on a big screen will be 70 minutes well spent.
fresh	A film that's stuffed with language, its title notwithstanding.
fresh	The single film from 2014 that most actively tries to find a new language for filmmakers to inhabit, and honestly, it might be the most consistently captivating one as well.
fresh	Godard seems almost giddy in his use of 3-D.
fresh	Anyone interested in the possibilities of the moviegoing experience - what can happen in a dark theater - owes it to themselves to say hello to "Goodbye to Language."
fresh	Jean-Luc Godard is an original and at 84 has lost none of the youthful vitality he demonstrated in his first feature.
fresh	Goodbye to Language 3D challenges the very ways in which we watch movies. And that's the point. The things Jean-Luc Godard is able to do with 3D as a medium are astounding.
fresh	At 84, Godard is still looking for new ways to express himself, though he thinks it harder than ever to achieve meaningful interpersonal communication in the information age.
fresh	The reason to buy a ticket is to take the ride, though, and seeing what 84-year-old Godard does when given an extra dimension is intensely fascinating.
fresh	Jean-Luc Godard is the acknowledged mascot, if not master, of intellectual cinema. In "Goodbye to Language 3D" the 84-year-old auteur... reprises his longstanding suspicion that words are worthless.
fresh	Old dogs, similar tricks, but hardly tired.
fresh	Shooting on various low- and medium-grade digital cameras, Godard turns "Goodbye to Language" into a rumination on memory, communication, everyday life and sexual tension.
fresh	My relationship with Goodbye to Language has not been a honeymoon of unruffled bliss, but I'm glad to have had it, and can say unequivocally that it should be seen in an environment where its 3D effects can do their work -- that is to say, in a cinema.
fresh	Even at a brisk 70 minutes, Goodbye to Language is dense with too many ideas and innovations to unpick on one viewing.
fresh	Unlike anything else you'll see this year.
rotten	If "Goodbye to Language" (the title must be ironic, right?) were to appear without Godard's name attached, how would it be received? That's the only really interesting question provoked.
fresh	The sheer assaultive power of Goodbye to Language makes it Godard's most vibrant and exciting film for some time and, you might say, his most terroristic.
rotten	Compared with Captain America or whatever, Goodbye is "revolutionary." But so what?
fresh	It leaves me almost speechless, slightly mystified, strangely wistful and perhaps with a mild case of eye strain, but delighted nonetheless.
rotten	"Goodbye to Language" seems like an appropriate title if it's meant to suggest that logic and sanity have completely disappeared from this world.
rotten	Reviews of Jean-Luc Godard's latest film... generally include the phrase "not for everybody." So the potential viewer has to ask herself or himself: "Am I everybody?" Turns out I'm not.
fresh	3-D is the ideal toy for an old enfant terrible like Godard to play with. Packed with dazzling images, the film makes 3-D feel like something brand-new to the medium.
fresh	It's like someone gave Godard a list of everything you're not supposed to do in a 3D movie, and he did every one of them. Which is why he's a genius.
fresh	A film you need to see again should be a film you want to see again, and the oblique beauty of Goodbye to Language, shot in 3-D, has a tractor-beam-like pull.
fresh	There's a lot to unpack here, but even if you're just staring slackjawed, like an idiot who will figure this all out later, it can be a lot of actual, honest-to-god fun - and usually very funny.
fresh	In Goodbye to Language 3D is a new inspiration [for Godard], used for artistic, fun-of-filmmaking reasons. That alone is cause for celebration.
fresh	Godard can't stop himself from exploring new ways to make pictures. He seems to enjoy doing so almost as much as he enjoys frustrating the expectations of those who still want a movie to have a beginning, a middle and an end, in that order.
rotten	For better or for worse, Godard has traded roller coaster thrills for a carnival of gimmicks.
fresh	Watching it is, I would imagine, as close as we'll get to being able to be Godard, sitting there thinking, or dreaming. It's a documentary of a restless mind.
rotten	Lots of luck figuring any of this out before dozing off.
fresh	At 83, Godard continues to push boundaries, even if his latest movie may baffle all but the most devoted film theorists.
fresh	It joins the very short list of intriguing experiments in 21st-century 3-D, which otherwise comprises Werner Herzog's "Cave of Forgotten Dreams" and Wim Wenders' "Pina."
fresh	The experience of being eluded by Jean-Luc Godard has its consolations, foremost among them the 83-year-old director's prerogative to elude.
fresh	The everyday world is made vivid and strange, rendered in a series of sketches and compositions by an artist with an eccentric and unerring eye.
fresh	All in all, it is intriguing exercise in social criticism. But it's an unpopular message delivered in an unbearable execution.
fresh	It probably can't be called a great film, but it's a teasing and exhilarating one, one that flirts with despair but somehow, I think, comes out on the side of joy.
fresh	It is there to jolt, to challenge, to disrupt: the old Brechtian imperative.
fresh	This is easily my favorite Godard film in a long time -- since Weekend, in fact, which was made before I was born.
fresh	Goodbye to Language is far more stimulating visually and aurally than it is intellectually, but at 83, Godard is still pushing the form. I'll take it.
fresh	Adieu au langage is a film that brings us face to face with doubt, despair, and everyday existential confusion, made in a state of pure liberty.
fresh	Adieu au langage, which ends with a dog's bark and a child's cries, is a masterpiece, a film attuned to a future that likely will not come to pass.
fresh	This is a master filmmaker whose interest in form and its instruments have kept him vital.
fresh	Overall, the concise, often impermeable experience does justice to the title by indicting a society on the verge of self-destruction with its own tools.
fresh	From its opening intertitled quotations, it's patently obvious who has made this movie. And yet it somehow feels fresh, exciting and new within the Godard canon.
fresh	The innovation raises the spirits, but gives you a splitting headache. That's how it is with Godard, who revels in his dreams so willfully that the results are frequently frustrating and opaque.
fresh	[Godard's] 3-D technique is the first advance in deep-focus camerawork since the heyday of Orson Welles; it lends the settings a sumptuous intimacy as it restores the astonishment of sheer perception to the art of the cinema.
rotten	Goodbye to Language can be oddly, ineffably mesmerising, though for those of us who appreciate the notion of storytelling will leave rather unfulfilled
rotten	The helter-skelter non-story does not stay long on anyone or anything but tackles a range of topics obliquely.
fresh	The elder filmmaker's take on our world of separations and alienation.
fresh	Cinema is a vernacular of domination, and quaking with revelations both formal and personal, the film attests that Godard has spent his career apologizing for it.
fresh	[VIDEO ESSAY] "Goodbye to Language" is a vibrant think piece about modern man's constant state of fear of the Frankenstein culture of violence that governments and corporations have created.
fresh	The result is, beyond question, the finest way that the [3D] format has ever been put to use.
fresh	As far as purely aesthetic experiences go, I doubt anything I'll see anywhere this year will beat Jean-Luc Godard's Goodbye To Language.
fresh	It's something of a miracle that a filmmaker still has the capacity to wow an audience with the aid of those bulky glasses.
fresh	Aside from anything else, Godard has made the most striking use of 3D since that unlovely medium came back into vogue.
fresh	It's a good bit funnier, as well as freer in its rapid-fire associations, than the more strident and structured Film Socialisme.
fresh	The master still knows what he is doing even if we often don't.
fresh	Is it difficult, abrasive and pretentious? Absolutely. But there are worse things to be than any of those.
fresh	The title says 'Goodbye,' but Jean-Luc Godard says hello with a stimulating and playful meditation on the state of the world and the possibilities of the image.
fresh	Goodbye To Language follows in the eye-searing, mind-spinning wake of Godard's recent features, taking the fragmentation even further than in his Film Socialisme.
fresh	Boxing docu glorifies Pacquiao but skims the surface.
rotten	A potential knockout documentary pulls most of its punches.
rotten	A narrow and borderline fawning hagiography that will no doubt find great favor among his fan base, while inspiring shrugs of indifference from those less invested in his tale.
rotten	It makes for a choppy, unsatisfying portrait when any topic outside the worshipful career momentum and expected dazzling fight footage - personal demons, his growth in a corrupt sport, the weight of being an icon - is addressed.
rotten	Banal, stentorian narration by Liam Neeson ("Once victory is stolen from you, what are you left with?") mostly gives the sense that it's the viewer being carried around the ring.
rotten	While a good introduction to Pacquiao's accomplishments, the movie as a whole is too shallow.
rotten	Only a fool would say it to his face, but eight-time divisional boxing champ Manny (Pacman) Pacquiao has a limp swing as a documentary subject.
fresh	It's nothing groundbreaking as a sports doc, but Pacquiao's warm personality and amazing story make it a pretty great one.
rotten	Even as a promotional piece, Manny is too thin a nonfiction portrait of Manny Pacquiao, one of the greatest boxers of the modern era and the only one in history to win titles in eight different weight classes.
rotten	Manny stays entirely on the surface of Pacquiao's life and of a sport that's rife with dirty dealing and chicanery.
rotten	An informative, if largely deferent, biographical documentary that tritely explains the ascendancy of Filipino boxer Manny Pacquiao.
rotten	You hope for the tang of lemon drizzle; what you ultimately get is Madeira, with the proverbial soggy bottom.
rotten	Essentially a saccharine confection of cliches, full of bits that are hard to swallow.
fresh	Cake has much to say about grief, and on the whole says it with intelligence and insight.
fresh	I was in pain during this indie drama, which may explain why I enjoyed it.
fresh	With Aniston on this form it's almost good enough to banish memories of The Bounty Hunter, Wanderlust and even Just Go With It.
fresh	Aniston shows quite brilliantly the effect of the constant pain on both her character's body and her mind.
fresh	If I were Jennifer Aniston, I would be fuming. And I would be wondering what exactly I had to do to get an Oscar nomination for best actress.
rotten	The cast is strong, the characters are intriguing but the more you learn, the more the film loses its grip on your emotions.
rotten	As for Aniston, she gives an honest, well-intentioned performance, but it is marooned in an unsatisfying script whose emotional effects are unearned.
fresh	Jennifer Aniston lifts an addiction drama with a committed but never showy performance. It's a pity the rest of the film can't cut as deep.
rotten	A brilliant Jennifer Aniston lead performance isn't enough to save this doughy, maudlin piece of misery porn.
fresh	Jennifer Aniston delivers an Oscar-calibre performance in this rather over-worked drama...
rotten	Aniston plays her part with no frills, but she can't help but be dragged down by the surrounding artifice. For one thing, no-one in the real world could possibly have so many grey cardigans.
rotten	The drugs don't work - but thankfully Aniston does - in this slight but sly portrait of pain-meds hell, which wallows in self-pity when it should be grabbing our sympathy.
rotten	The central character and performance are intriguing but not enough to sustain a film that feels more and more like a TV-movie matinee.
fresh	Grim but interesting drama has prescription drug abuse.
rotten	The film evokes a tangible sense of crippling loss. It just fails to translate the honesty of its quiet moments to the scenes in which the characters interact with each other.
fresh	Whether or not Aniston ever gets another role like this one, I have a hard time imagining anyone else in it -- and that's the sign of a genuine actor.
rotten	The slack and purposeless direction leaves the entire cast emoting in a void.
fresh	...a starkly unsentimental portrait of a damaged woman weighing the pain of living in the world against the unknowable alternative.
fresh	Aniston makes Cake her own movie and its structural shortcomings become of lesser focus and importance.
fresh	Jennifer Aniston does something completely different in this potboiler of a psychodrama and succeeds marvelously.
fresh	[Jennifer Aniston gives] a big performance in a small, personal film.
fresh	More than just a vehicle for awards, "Cake" features an overdue, career-growing, award-worthy, emotionally honest role for Jennifer Aniston anchored by a patient script written by real humans about real humans.
rotten	Beyond the sly method in which it keeps viewers guessing at Claire's circumstances, the screenplay often fails this otherwise finely-assembled film.
rotten	'I think we need some closure,' is the opening line, spoken by a therapist; the scene is played for parody, but in fact its message is sincere: 'Cake' is the all-too-familiar story of a sad person's healing process.
fresh	The main attraction in "Cake" is Aniston...
rotten	Where Aniston finds poignancy, the film too often wallows in pity.
fresh	Aniston fully fills out the role in truly believable and credible ways, delivering what's easily her best dramatic performance to date. (Full Content Review -- Sex, Profanity, Violence, etc. -- for Parents also available)
fresh	Jennifer Aniston burrows into Claire's walking-wounded gait and eclipsed mood.
fresh	All the action grows organically out of character and a surprisingly stubborn life force that urges us to get out of our premix boxes, and start from scratch.
rotten	Cake could have used more layers.
rotten	Jennifer Aniston is commendable but the film's lack of subtlety and nuance undermines the story's reach.
fresh	Aniston's performance stands to change the way many people look at her, with a deft, tempered turn that also could end up redefining her career.
fresh	Aniston's portrayal of Claire is as good as Julianne Moore's in "Still Alice", and better than Marion Cotillard's in "Two Days, One Night". It's simply a shame that she wasn't nominated.
fresh	Such an injustice. Jennifer Aniston has given the second-best female performance of the year, and misses a chance for an Oscar because someone messed up --- royally.
fresh	Jennifer Aniston gives an astonishing performance. An abundantly compassionate yet frequently funny script by Patrick Tobin.
fresh	"A thoughtful and frequently moving drama that insightfully illuminates what it's like to live with illness and agony."
fresh	This Cake isn't fallen. It's just a bit deflated.
fresh	Odd that we're applauding the fact that an actress can, you know, act, but here we are celebrating Cake all the same.
fresh	Worth sitting through just to watch Jennifer Aniston pull off a performance of a lifetime.
fresh	Aniston so completely dons the scarred skin, battered bones and deep depression of Claire, one forgets one is watching the former star of TV's 'Friends.' ...Aniston is the frosting this misshappen "Cake" needs.
rotten	Directed in moody, downbeat tones by Daniel Barnz, Cake doesn't know when to stop piling on the angst.
rotten	A misguided therapy dramedy that attempts to portray pain and grief with strained whimsy.
fresh	'Cake' is delicious stuff - low key but affecting, funny while tragic, quirky but never so bizarre it loses you.
rotten	It puts us at a disadvantage for comprehending Claire, and it puts Claire at a disadvantage for becoming a recipient of our sympathy.
fresh	a brave, vulnerable, nuanced, grimly humorous and deeply felt performance
fresh	In Cake, Aniston shows that she's got the goods, the ability to delve into a complex, not particularly likable, character and make her thoroughly believable. If only the film were as good as its star.
rotten	The movie veers into something that feels sadly predictable by the end, once we've learned everything we need to know about Claire's tragic past.
fresh	It's no wonder that Aniston signed on to produce and star. The part is an actor's dream, and she had the aspiration and the guts to fully realize it.
fresh	"Cake" gives us an interesting character and a fine performance, nestled into a movie that doesn't really work.
rotten	The movie hits so many familiar beats that it's impossible not to see what's next. It does what you expect at almost every turn ...
rotten	Perhaps a more imaginative director might have brought some genuine feeling or grace to this bathos, but Barnz merely allows Aniston maximum screen time and shoots her to highlight her artfully ratty hair and crosshatched skin.
rotten	Unsure of whether it wants to be comedy or tragedy, it meanders along an awkward middle path.
fresh	Five words I never thought I'd string together: Jennifer Aniston made me cry.
rotten	The script withholds information about Claire's accident, and when the reveal finally comes, it doesn't provide catharsis or empathy, so much as a sense of having been led around by the nose.
rotten	Many fine ingredients--not least the performances of Aniston and Barraza--have gone into making this 'Cake,' but it leaves one wishing that the end result had been more uncompromising.
rotten	Cake starts off like an edgy indie film and wraps up like one of the more serious episodes of Friends. Once Aniston's warts 'n' all performance has been highlighted, the movie seems to fizzle out, losing its momentum.
fresh	Of Aniston, the highest praise you can offer is to say you forget you're watching her.
rotten	The tiresome story of a rotten, awful human being, who gets a redemption arc that's equal parts unsatisfying and unearned.
rotten	Another in a long line of films in which beautiful people dowdy themselves up in an effort to Be Taken Seriously.
fresh	It's not a bad film. But you would have to live within Claire's very small and pampered world to think it was a brave one.
fresh	The good news of "Cake" is that it proves that Aniston can be appealing without being exalted or gorgeous, by simply being average.
fresh	I wish the movie were messier, more surprising. But as with most of what we see, made on small budgets and large: The performances are not the problem.
rotten	There's no doubt that Aniston deserves more roles like this one but, with luck, in less maudlin, more surprising movies.
fresh	Claire is the sort of role fortysomething actresses dream of: utterly unglamorous; biting; wounded.
rotten	Cake is an odd duck. It has a brilliant lead performance from its star, yet that performance is surrounded by tiresome cliches and contrivances torn straight out of the Independent Filmmaking 101 handbook.
rotten	A movie that tries so hard to be edgy that it tips over into silliness.
rotten	Alas, "Cake" can't rise simply from Aniston's performance. Had the script been sharper and the direction tighter, she might just have made the Oscar list.
rotten	Neither painful nor powerful.
rotten	A listless indie drama that never goes much of anywhere, with moments that are framed as revelatory but contain little in the way of revelation.
rotten	Feels like a series of pulled punches, with director Daniel Barnz trying desperately to keep his feature approachable despite a devastating subject matter.
rotten	...turns a potentially resonant exploration of loss into a hollow game of hide-the-trauma.
fresh	Solid performance by Aniston, but her character's trip from point A to B plots a well-trod course.
rotten	There's an irony that Claire, a victim with bottomless resources and no responsibilities, so easily crumbles, but the film doesn't press the point.
rotten	Aniston proves, as always, a modestly gifted actress, only this time with scars and weedy hair.
fresh	The smaller scenes that focus on the everyday reality of depression stick with you ...
fresh	Is it truly such a surprise Jennifer Aniston is as good as she is in this otherwise modest drama? Look back, people: your Friend has been mixing it up in independent films throughout her very successful career.
rotten	A sour, one-note dirge, it mistakes unrelenting self-pity for honesty, stewing in the pain of someone stewing in pain, and as oblivious to the misery of others as its self-involved, blinkered protagonist.
fresh	The script goes soft, not Aniston. Instead of playing symptoms of chronic pain, she finds what's raw and festering underneath. Way to go, Aniston.
rotten	Awash in pills, wind chimes and ugly vibes, the film has a ton of producers credited, suggesting too many cooks might have spoiled this Cake.
fresh	The sheer courage of Ms. Aniston grows on you, like a lichen. So does the movie.
fresh	Oscar nomination or no, Aniston is the reason to see this. She's rarely been better.
fresh	Is Cake a great picture? Oh, good heavens, no. This is a small, unassuming movie that does contain an impressive performance from Aniston -- even without the nomination.
rotten	It's a drag to see Aniston doubling down on the kind of sour, embittered role Cake offers, one with very little latitude for her comic chops or her natural way with a seen-it-all sigh.
rotten	Less emotionally potent than it wants to be, and feels as if it might have been overmedicated by script doctoring to make it more palatable to Aniston's fan base.
rotten	Cake is a study of grief that drowns in a cold bath of grim self-pity.
rotten	Pass up this flaky, underwhelming confection...
rotten	Jennifer Aniston's performance might be worth biting into, but Cake lacks an emotional depth that much more appealing treats tend to showcase.
rotten	Aniston's solidly done departure probably would have organically received its due (and possibly even more credit) had it been a genuine discovery in a film released and sold as the modest, blip-on-the-radar non-event indie that it is.
rotten	It's a letdown that the film itself, written by Patrick Tobin and directed by Daniel Barnz, doesn't take half the chances its leading lady does and is content to paddle around the shallows rather than plunge into the deep end.
fresh	In a turn that stands as the single best performance by an actress this year, Aniston offers her heart and soul in the role of her career.
rotten	Nothing about Cake is remotely tempting or sweet.
fresh	Cake indeed features a strong dramatic turn from Jennifer Aniston and it may or may not win her an Oscar nomination. But aside from that it's just a solid small-scale character study.
rotten	Yes, Aniston delivers a serious performance but it is over the top and turns the movie into a soap.
fresh	It's actually quite moving and Barnz finds the right emotional touch points without going overboard.
fresh	For all the pain, grief, sadness and suicide that layers Cake, it is a serious treat to see the actress stretch herself. Hopefully this film won't turn out to be a single slice.
fresh	The end result is a passable effort that succeeds most keenly as a platform for Aniston...
rotten	A well acted guilt and redemption drama that doesn't have the courage of its convictions and is let down by predicatibility.
rotten	Ultimately, a few chuckles can't cover up the fact that this is a character study of a character not worth studying.
fresh	The movie is actually smart about the seriousness of grief without being oppressive itself. And [Aniston's] performance is equally intelligent.
rotten	Despite its sour centre, Cake's conceits quickly crumble, leaving just a half-baked pity.
rotten	The film starts to drift and deteriorate into something perilously close to a trite, TV-movie tearjerker rather than something as harrowing and real as a Cassavetes drama.
rotten	At the last minute, "Cake" becomes a film not about chronic pain, but a different subject entirely, and one about which it doesn't have all that much new to say.
fresh	... a genre film with a fresh approach and a distinctive cultural texture: a vampire movie from a female director who stirs American movie references into her stylized Iranian street drama.
rotten	More Robert Rodriguez than Quentin Tarantino, Amirpour's effort has select moments of striking beauty and originality, but as a whole, the endeavor is more obsessed with obsession than building a steady nightmare.
fresh	Amirpour's gifts lie in creating beautiful, pregnant images that capture the imagination.
fresh	It's a spooky, moody doozy of a debut, lensed by Director of Photography Lyle Vincent in a radiant monochrome that somehow makes even the darkness sparkle.
fresh	The Iranian skateboarding vampire feminist spaghetti western we have all been waiting for, creepy cool and gorgeously sinister, engorged with suspense and desire.
fresh	It's often at its best when it's off on a moody tangent. But it has something and is well worth seeing, especially if you're a horror fan or a fan of art cinema
fresh	Action and dialogue are kept to a minimum in this idiosyncratic tale of outcasts after dark, steeped in suspense and shot in black-and-white with an eye for detail.
fresh	Cool, supremely confident ...
fresh	A rare vampire movie that feels both familiar and fresh, A Girl Walks Home is a wild, sometimes messy, always beautiful horror story, just the thing for a long winter's night.
fresh	Righteous, shocking, terrifying, iconic, funny, twistedly romantic and refreshingly unpredictable.
fresh	An astonishing debut that marks out Ana Lily Amirpour as an extraordinary directorial talent.
fresh	The freshest take on the vampire genre since "Let the Right One In," "Night" is an intoxicating mix of genres all deftly and lovingly mashed together.
fresh	Amirpour has instantly become one of the most exciting, globally relevant filmmakers working today. Her film is a testament both to her own creativity and the infinite elasticity of the vampire mythos.
fresh	A Girl Walks Home Alone At Night is a delectable, atmospheric creation, a lush dreamscape that we fall into, captivated and elevated.
fresh	... about loneliness, whether your life is on hold taking care of an ill parent or you're a centuries-old vampire...proof that the vampire film genre is anything but dead.
fresh	If you see just one Iranian romantic vampire Western this year, it should probably be "A Girl Walks Home Alone at Night."
fresh	It is in the realization of its cultural distinctiveness -- the fruit of its young director's vision -- that the movie memorably separates itself from the other contra-'Twilight' vampire films that have haunted arthouses and VOD platforms in recent years.
fresh	More than just an unusually effective horror shocker.
fresh	Combing horror, film noir and westerns, Ana Lily Amirpour's debut feature, A Girl Walks Home Alone at Night, is a refreshing take on vampire lore.
fresh	Like no movie you've ever seen.
fresh	It's a haunting story of love between two misfits who shouldn't be together.
fresh	There's not much story to speak of, but the semi-Iranian hipster feminist vampire romance A Girl Walks Home Alone at Night is gorgeous to behold and up to its jugular vein in quirky/spooky atmosphere.
rotten	For all the visual ambition, this doesn't add up to anything terribly substantial.
fresh	Sexy, scary and fearlessly subversive.
fresh	Amirpour marks herself as a filmmaker to watch with her atmospheric black-and-white visuals and a script that offers an homage to some genre influences while mostly managing to sidestep expectations.
fresh	A bracing post-punk blend of vampire iconography, the spaghetti western, Kaurismaki-like sorrowfulness, Jarmusch-worthy equipoise, shot in Bakersfield, California, which passes for the nocturnal reaches "Bad City," Iran.
fresh	The kind of promising first feature that almost can't help but implying that its creator can't help but do better next time, but even as a stand-alone, this is a pretty one-of-a-kind experience.
fresh	It's a smart, subversive tip of the hat to everything from American and Italian Westerns to horror movies, Jim Jarmusch, love stories, Iranian traditionalism and rock 'n' roll. Oh, and there's a vampire.
fresh	Cleverly titled, this Girl who Walks Home Alone At Night has nothing to fear ... but everyone else does.
fresh	Amirpour's got a brilliant eye, conjuring images that are alternately creepy, beautiful and witty, just like her story, which also features homages to cinema's past.
fresh	One of those art house films that movie lovers speak of with awe, as they do of Michelangelo Antonioni's movies in the 1960s or Jim Jarmusch's in the 1980s. It's a discovery, and a dare. You just HAVE to see this. You won't believe it.
fresh	The film, with references to New Wave revenge thrillers and stylized pop soundtracks, gradually takes its time but doesn't outlast its welcome.
fresh	Not your average crowd-funded American Persian feminist vampire movie. A lesser filmmaker simply could not have made this story work so elegantly. Much of this story is conveyed by images alone. This is a masterwork.
fresh	The expressionist shadows, floating chador, and wilted patriarchy make the whole movie feel forbidden. There's something in the nothing.
fresh	You won't see many movies as cool and beautiful as this.
fresh	The film is atmospheric, the story is hard to follow, and scenes proceed slowly punctuated with sparse dialog
fresh	"A Girl Walks Home Alone at Night" is a wildly inventive Iranian vampire movie that grabs you by the throat with its dark, moody style, pulsating soundtrack and offbeat love story.
fresh	Though alluring, enjoyable and well-crafted, when all is digested its strangeness seems as empty of substance as cotton candy.
fresh	Amirpour is more concerned with creating memorable tableaux, which her characters often drift around like kelp in deep water.
fresh	A Girl Walks Home will find audience among those who favored 2013's Only Lovers Left Alive, which was also thin on plot but rich in style.
fresh	Amirpour's film feels like an elaborately punkish code-scrambling gesture rather than a fully formed organic statement, but that doesn't matter-it has style, grace, and imagination, and as artistic gestures go, could hardly be more devil-may-care.
fresh	It may not be deep. But dear lord, is this movie gorgeous.
fresh	Just when you thought you'd seen every possible variation on the vampire tale, along comes an Iranian bloodsucker romance set to spaghetti-Western music.
fresh	"A Girl Walks" suggest a filmmaker who knows how to let her strengths compensate for her shortcomings. Think what might happen if the shortcomings get addressed.
fresh	As seductive and forebodding as its title -- a simple, declarative sentence that encompasses many mysteries -- Ana Lily Amirpour's debut feature reanimates and restores the sexiness of the vampire movie.
fresh	The film launches itself into a dreamspace of its own that has a unique power and pull.
fresh	A fresh vision. And as filmed by Lyle Vincent (in beautiful high-contrast black-and-white), the movie has a dreamlike pull.
fresh	A surreal thriller that is sometimes creepy, sometimes sweet, but consistently spellbinding.
fresh	A Girl Walks Home at Night takes its cues from film of yore, but in Amirpour's hands it's something brand new.
fresh	In almost every decision the director makes, there is a calculated risk, more heartening each time she takes it.
fresh	The biggest honest-to-God discovery of 2014.
fresh	Even as Ms. Amirpour draws heavily from various bodies of work with vampirelike hunger, she gives her influences new life by channeling them through other cultural forms, including her chador-cloaked vampire.
fresh	Girl Walks Home manages to be a wholly original work while containing nary a unique thought or idea.
fresh	Just when you think you've seen it all-I never really think so, but sometimes it can feel that way-along comes something completely new, or at least something so intriguingly bizarre as to seem completely new.
fresh	The easy joke is to call this film "the best Iranian vampire film I've ever seen," but that's reductive and unfair to this gorgeous, sad, haunting accomplishment by writer/director Ana Lily Amirpour.
fresh	It's a work that promises remarkable things from its talented creator as it boasts an incredible eye for composition and visual storytelling but I found it too narratively and thematically thin to resonate.
fresh	Writer/director Ana Lily Amirpour's feature debut is a gorgeously-photographed and highly unconventional vampire tale about the willful ignorance sometimes required to see the best in the people we suck on and sometimes even love.
fresh	The director combines elements of film noir and the restraint of Iranian New Wave cinema with the subdued depictions of a bored youth culture found in early Jim Jarmusch... the comparisons go on and on, but the result is wholly original.
fresh	This is a dream on your screen, absurd, languid (if not slow), and possessed by the calm of an inevitable beauty. This is what cinema was invented for.
rotten	For much of the movie, nothing happens, and it's not the rigorous, locked-in nothing of the long-take art film, but the slow-motion, music-montage nothing of the artsy American indie.
fresh	It's not every day you can use the phrase "Iranian vampire western," but that's the best way to describe this surreal black-and-white film.
rotten	There's a sense that Amirpour is too in thrall to her influences and not fully in control of her effects (too many pregnant pauses between characters that don't suggest unspoken depths of feeling so much as actors uncertainly stranded).
fresh	The plot's tired blood is jumped up considerably by style; all in all, it's an intoxicating blend of eerie horror and '80s pop, made by an artist to keep an eye on.
fresh	Ana Lily Amirpour's feature debut could become a totem for a hipster world mad for jukebox funkiness, vampires, and gender-politics righteousness.
fresh	Amirpour's wide-screen, high-contrast black-and-white images heighten the familiar mood of low-rent high style, but her greater gift is choreographic ...
fresh	To dismiss it as simply an act of hipster appropriation is to cop out, because appropriation is the film's thematic meat.
fresh	... a subtle commentary on sexual politics in Iran.
fresh	A Girl Walks Home Alone At Night may not be a great film, but where else are you going to see a dystopic Persian indie vampire romance?
fresh	Amirpour and her team effectively employ chiaroscuro and create an old-fashioned, almost unearthed aesthetic.
fresh	a strange, hipsterish love story with neo-Gothic underpinnings... Perhaps it loses its pace somewhat by the end, but there is no other Western/Middle-Eastern feminist horror hybrid quite like it.
fresh	A true gem that is not to be missed.
fresh	By the film's conclusion, after many arresting sequences and just as many that drag, emotion hasn't built as effectively as it could if the film had been edited more mercilessly.
fresh	Watching A Girl Walks Home At Night, you get the impression that you're witnessing something iconic and important unfold before you.
fresh	Ana Lily Amirpour's auspicious debut feature is a sly, slinky vampire romance set in an imaginary Iranian underworld.
fresh	This moody and gorgeous film is finally more about atmosphere and emotions than narrative -- and none the worse for it.
fresh	A strong start. A nice finish. But, a little lacking in the middle. Still, there's plenty to like about "Little Accidents."
fresh	Colangelo doesn't make it easy, but she doesn't cheapen the viewing experience, preserving the delicate observational atmosphere of her accomplished directorial debut.
rotten	Despite some strong performances, the potentially intriguing set of blue-collar characters isn't explored with much depth.
rotten	Slow, somber drama about secrets has drinking, language.
rotten	As much as my conscience wanted to empathize with the characters, my taste only wanted to be rid of them.
fresh	Nothing feels forced in this movie, which is testament to Colangelo's skill as well as the cast's. You believe the coal dust on these people; you grieve for their secrets.
fresh	Little Accidents paints a vivid portrait of a community facing an imminent existential crisis.
rotten	To her credit, the writer-director tries for complexity. Now if she can just get the storytelling to match the quality of the filmmaking, I suspect there will be fewer little accidents.
rotten	Owen tries with lurching uncertainty to ease back into normal, even as the writer and director Sara Colangelo clutters his path with enough obstacles to challenge the most heroically determined traveler.
fresh	Colangelo's directorial prowess is evident through her beautifully framed shots and the strong performances she elicited from her actors. Put her down as a filmmaker to watch, as you watch her debut film.
fresh	There's a quiet desperation to all the lives depicted in writer-director Sara Colangelo's assured indie about a West Virginia mining accident that upends everyone in town.
fresh	"Little Accidents" is a serious movie, but, to its credit, it's never entirely bleak. Revealing the truth always remains an option, just waiting to set the characters free.
rotten	This well-intentioned melodrama creates a number of potentially compelling figures, only to shove them into contrived corners that undermine the film's sense of authenticity.
fresh	In her artful feature film debut, writer-director Sara Colangelo deftly avoids the hillbilly stereotypes as well as movie-of-the-week territory with compelling characters who struggle with their own lies and grief.
fresh	With a strikingly unflinching eye, newcomer Sara Colangelo astutely adapts her 2010 short into an evocative feature, beautifully capturing the impact a series of random tragedies can have on a community.
fresh	...the result is an intriguing web of secrets, even if she doesn't quite stick the landing.
rotten	All of these characters are in pain, and Colangelo never lets the audience forget it, since she's directed everyone to wear similar brooding expressions and walk around as if this screwed-up world and its many adversities are a constant weight.
rotten	Little Accidents works as a showcase for a fine ensemble, but writer/director Sara Colangelo fails to build the drama to an emotionally satisfying finish.
rotten	A promising feature-film debut by writer-director Sara Colangelo that never quite rises above its dreary blue-collar ambience but reluctantly holds interest throughout, like a foghorn searching through mist to find a ray of light.
rotten	This is a bleak and bitter movie, but it knows the way forward, if not the quickest way to get there.
rotten	Little Accidents strikes the mournful tone of grand tragedy, but the dramatic notes fall flat.
rotten	A solid story and setting and some good performances, all wasted in an emotionally barren mine country melodrama
rotten	All the secrets, lies, and consequences feel as authentic as the Appalachian milieu, but the film lacks the memorable idiosyncrasy of a River's Edge, or more fittingly, the myth-making lyricism of Matewan.
fresh	A small-town tragedy leads to moral crises on all sides in Sara Colangelo's Little Accidents, a sober drama that makes class central to the story without ever sounding like it has an agenda.
fresh	A movingly authentic exploration of a working-class milieu and the psychological and economic trauma that ripples through a town in the wake of a tragic accident.
fresh	Colangelo opts for unearned resolution, and cuts to neat and tidy black rather than dealing truthfully with the messy consequences that truth-telling can bring.
fresh	The performances of Holbrook and Lofland, in particular, remain utterly superb throughout, which leaves you hoping much more will be seen of these rising stars in the years to come.
fresh	A well-acted, thoroughly involving drama set in a small West Virginia town in the wake of a mining disaster that has killed ten men.
fresh	Sara Colangelo's sombre drama is a promising first feature.
rotten	A sensitive and well-meaning but rather ordinary melodrama that wouldn't have seemed out of place as a network movie-of-the-week circa 1985.
rotten	The film quickly becomes a repetitive mess of squibs, stupidity and misogyny.
rotten	Without its least savory scenes, Everly would still be exploitative junk, but the film's fetishistic treatment of the tortures endured by its lead actress turns the whole affair toxic.
rotten	The film's brutality - which includes not only the murder of a dog but also a fetishization of torture that borders on porn - is so excessive, even if tongue-in-cheek, that it leaves a bad taste in the mouth.
rotten	Hayek begins in a mini-nightie and ends in a tight T-shirt that inevitably is wetted down when a fireball sets off the sprinkler system. The wardrobe designer may have been your 14-year-old nephew, but the Hayek-endorsed message is: 'I look great at 48.'
rotten	Everly seems to wanna be a badass, but winds up a dumb ass.
rotten	It's so ridiculous and thinly sketched that any emotional investment seems impossible, despite a scrappy performance from Salma Hayek.
fresh	A full throttle action extravaganza that knows how to grab you, and how to shake you around once you're in its capable mitts.
fresh	Everly wears its inspirations on its bullet-riddled sleeve.
rotten	If the film does anything right, it reminds us that now-48-year-old Hayek is one heck of a forceful presence when she is allowed to be.
rotten	An intermittently entertaining, ultimately disposable piece of genre fluff.
rotten	Feels precision-engineered for a morally torn fanboy who likes the idea of female empowerment but needs it served with a heavy dose of torture porn and glistening flesh.
rotten	Everly isn't innovative, smart or interesting enough to compete with the John Wicks and Kingsmans of the world.
rotten	Salma Hayek plays a sex slave turned killer in this stylish but lumbering actioner.
rotten	Everly is never able to match its B-movie aspirations, instead forced to flounder in the gutter like the filthy, exploitative grindhouse film that it is.
rotten	What on earth is Salma Hayek doing starring in this exploitative, junky piece of torture trash?
rotten	There's the pervasive feeling that this is a prefab cult film that doesn't need to try too hard, instead offering cosmetic variations from a very limited playbook of gestures meant to provoke Pavlovian cries of "Awesome!"
rotten	A smorgasbord of pornography masquerading as violence, Everly is so repugnant and pointless there were times when I wanted to call for help.
fresh	Salma Hayek remains as captivating as ever, gracefully pivoting from desperate, trapped mouse to machine-gun-wielding angel of death, often in the same scene.
rotten	An imitation of the sort of ultra-violent low-budget B-movie that Tarantino used to make, before he discovered the joys of bloat.
fresh	[Director Joe Lynch] stages the action cleanly and kinetically. And Hayek delivers a fully committed performance, handling the role's intense physical demands with commanding authority.
rotten	Why, Salma Hayek? Why?
rotten	Nothing more than a pointless exercise in brutal, nasty style.
fresh	Everly has the heaving, bloody bosoms of an exploitation flick, yet Hayek gives the character powerful dignity. She's no victim, nor an off-the-shelf "strong woman."
rotten	Everly ricochets between light and dark so abruptly that it'll make your head spin. If Lynch had fixed the messy tone problem, he'd have had a good movie on his hands.
fresh	Everly most closely resembles the Die Hard movies before they became crap, and of course Hayek is just the right woman to give the genre the attitude it needs.
fresh	EVERLY is a popcorn flick through and through, one that features a game leading lady and a director with a passion for excess.
rotten	Yet another boring ode to heavy breathing that's offered under the hypocritical pretense of celebrating female empowerment.
rotten	All style and little plot, but your senior prom date should be as beautiful at 17 as Salma Hayek is at 48.
rotten	Unless Lynch and Hannon intentionally want ticket-buyers to immediately Silkwood shower off the ick this effort oozes, I believe they've blown a prime opportunity to celebrate cinematic carnage.
fresh	Either you want to see Salma Hayek destroying waves of underworld scumbags, or you do not.
fresh	Hip to all the ins and outs of grue and gore [Everly] spares not a single blood-drop.
rotten	There isn't much music to be made by mashing the same couple of notes, and the lack of variation gets to be a grind.
rotten	a leering flick: leering at violence, leering at Hayek, leering at a level of child-peril that's actually exploitative rather than suspenseful.
fresh	Everly could be a spinoff in the world of Kill Bill. It feels lovingly irreverent towards assassin tropes.
fresh	Everly is a sleek, air-tight action-thriller that loves playing by its own rules, making a certifiable action star out of Salma Hayek.
fresh	"Everly" is effective and gore-soaked and occasionally shocking. And when it plays to packed audiences, it's easy to imagine them whooping in agreement.
rotten	The screenplay by William Monahan bears great responsibility on the finished product. It's important to get the characters right. It's not happening here.
rotten	He's an interesting character... but I can't use that same adjective for the film itself.
rotten	But every single scene of this film features a man treating everyone around him like dirt while pissing their money up against a wall and acting like the world owes him a living.
fresh	This is a slick, fast-paced film that maintains its sometimes unbearable tension until the last roll of the dice.
rotten	In what amounts only to an intermittently intriguing movie experience, a tug of war is going on between the compelling and the confounding.
fresh	Director Rupert Wyatt pulls no punches in vividly portraying the moral gutter gambling addicts can find themselves in, and Mark Wahlberg's boyish face reflects the desperation that keeps him from wising up.
rotten	What's left is a frustratingly superficial film that alienates its characters as much as it does the audience.
fresh	The Gambler is about the lure to triumph over potential disaster and finding a way to "treat those two imposters the same."
fresh	In its portrayal of the seedy gambling world, Rupert Wyatt's dark crime drama excels; less so in its ability to deliver a satisfying journey for its self-loathing protagonist, albeit effectively portrayed by Mark Wahlberg
rotten	Despite stylish direction by Rupert Wyatt, who pulls off a few arresting set pieces, The Gambler never manages to make sense of William Monahan's often laughably overripe screenplay.
fresh	The Gambler feels academic and slightly out of time.
rotten	This is a misconceived and strangely cast affair that can't work out its own attitude toward its main character.
fresh	Mark Wahlberg is always a physically articulate actor; here he wrings despair and disillusionment from every beaten-down gesture, every curt exchange.
rotten	The Gambler ... has become an advert for gambling. You couldn't make it up.
rotten	Swaggering and dialogue-heavy, The Gambler certainly talks the talk, but ultimately it lacks the courage of its convictions.
rotten	When the randomly appearing lip balm on the main protagonist's lips becomes a source of distraction, you know you're not hooked.
rotten	Mark Wahlberg's designer-suited performance is shallow and self-admiring ... and William Monahan (who wrote The Departed) devises a new narrative direction which is contrived and preposterous.
fresh	It doesn't quite work as a package, but Wahlberg is a real pleasure to watch as he crafts a portrait of a tormented anti-hero with an apparent death wish.
fresh	With a strangely simplistic screenplay by William Monahan (The Departed), director Rupert Wyatt and his cast struggle to dig beneath the surface in a meaningful way.
fresh	A rare grown up thriller, full of interesting bits and a strong turn from Wahlberg. But as a whole Wyatt's film doesn't grip as it might.
rotten	Hate the players, not the game.
rotten	Chockablock with interesting performances (Jessica Lange is the professor's wealthy mother, John Goodman is a Jabba-like loan shark) and silly self-indulgences (slow-motion pole-dancers gyrate to Dinah Washington's recording of 'This Bitter Earth').
fresh	With dialogue as acidic as this delivered by actors like these, The Gambler somehow transcends its pomposity to be really quite fun.
rotten	It's hard to know what to make of Mark Wahlberg's character in The Gambler - but at least that puts you on an equal footing with Wahlberg himself.
rotten	Wahlberg can deliver a soliloquy on life as a game of chance with rat-a-tat rhythm, but he walks and talks like he's too cool for school, never properly conveying the deep well of angst that he keeps banging on about.
rotten	Monahan's script is far too wordy for its own good and the uneven score (by two composers) seems to be taken over by a Michael Nyman fan at all of the wrong moments.
fresh	Wahlberg finds his most interesting role since The Departed in a film that's heavy on atmosphere and suspense but shy of a full deck when it comes to characterisation.
fresh	The movie has the sheen but lacks the sweat of James Toback's original riff on Dostoevsky's autobiographical story.
fresh	The Gambler is a remake that effectively updates a subtle yet nihilistic story; Wyatt and Monahan stick to their mean-spirited guns and offer up a sour view of addiction and the havoc it wreaks.
rotten	The script is painfully overwritten whenever we want action and woefully underwritten when we need explanation.
fresh	An impeccably constructed genre picture. It doesn't have a whole lot to say, but it's entertaining
fresh	Mark Wahlberg is a sure bet in "The Gambler," an update of a James Caan movie.
fresh	It's better than it has to be, and director Rupert Wyatt ...handles the story with economy and intelligence.
rotten	The dialogue never leaves the surface and the running across Los Angeles that happens in the last sequence is supposed to thrill you, but it's such a cliche that your embarrassment extends to the crew member who has to follow with the camera.
rotten	Lack of necessity notwithstanding, The Gambler is also plagued by its vacancy of spiritual tissue.
rotten	James Toback laid his cards on the table with 1974's quasi-autobiographical The Gambler, drawing on personal experience with a soul-killing gambling habit. Maybe he still owes money, the only logical explanation for the remake he approved.
fresh	While [Wahlberg is] no James Caan, he's certainly able to infuse this mesmerizing character study with enough rancid brio to make this self-flagellating hustler believably doomstruck.
fresh	2014's slickest bender, The Gambler provides enough pleasure in its visceral storytelling.
rotten	Though Wahlberg is a fine actor, there's no way I can buy him as a college English professor holding forth on Shakespeare and Camus.
fresh	I don't think Dostoyevsky would care much for the movie -- but it won't make him spin in his grave.
rotten	For all Wahlberg's self-flagellating, we never really understand his suicidal petulance. He's an ennui-soaked brat.
rotten	The film as a whole doesn't do much to separate itself from the superior source material despite some intermittent intrigue.
rotten	Are there no original ideas left in Hollywood? It's difficult to fathom why anyone would want to redo this nonsense.
rotten	The script is more than a bit unrealistic, and annoyingly insulting to the audience's intelligence.
rotten	The hopeful ending comes off as too little, too late. Wahlberg gives the role his all, but sticking with him is a futile gesture. The Gambler never pays off. It's a sucker's bet.
rotten	You can't win with a weak hand.
fresh	A richly realized exercise in style, in which an action director ("Rise of the Planet of the Apes'&#8201;" Rupert Wyatt) and an action star (Mark "I think we got a Trans-foamah" Wahlberg) dive deep into a '70s noir classic and come up aces.
rotten	The best things about "The Gambler" are the supporting characters.
fresh	A dark coming-of-age movie about a grown man who can't let himself win. Brilliant performances.
fresh	As The Gambler becomes less about its protagonist's dashed intellectualism and more about the gathering danger of his predicament, the film gains power.
fresh	Redundant, but Goodman is great and the rest is not bad.
rotten	Original and atypical "The Gambler," though intriguing, is ultimately less than satisfying.
fresh	An agreeable if ridiculous slice of old-school Hollywood machismo ...
rotten	A bad remake of a bad 1974 movie.
fresh	In a way, it's more alluring and less profound than the original, but enough of a cautionary tale that it's still worth a look.
fresh	It's not quite a holiday movie, but a powerful performance by Wahlberg makes it worth seeing.
rotten	We can't be expected to care about every protagonist with a boner so long as he can string together a few polysyllable phrases about his own disaffection. I have enough whiny depressives in my life, thanks.
rotten	A movie that displays a winning hand for much of its length should never turn up snake eyes at the end.
rotten	It's just like the Kenny Rogers song says: "You've got to know when to hold 'em, know when to fold 'em." It's time for this "Gambler" to walk away.
rotten	The return is as miniscule as the stakes.
rotten	If someone is really that intent on self-destruction, why should we be his audience?
rotten	The Gambler is pretty much a misfire of concept - even if it makes the admirable move of going for a different thematic angle on the original material.
rotten	"The Gambler" should have been called "Three Supporting Characters in Search of a Lead."
rotten	A dull, self-consciously arty wallow in the messed-up life of a character we don't care about.
fresh	It's easy enough to watch, but it didn't engage me any more than watching some high roller do his or her thing at a casino with thousands on the line. (Full Content Review -- Sex, Profanity, etc. -- for Parents also available)
rotten	There are moments of moral muddiness that stick to the movie in fascinating ways, but this is not cohesive work from director Wyatt, who's often caught trying to make a pretty picture when the material begs for ugliness.
fresh	A remake of the 1974 film that starred James Caan, Rupert Wyatt's new movie is never short on style, but it lacks some of the grit of the original.
rotten	What's mostly missing from "The Gambler" is a sense of why Jim is so insistent on squandering his money, privilege and patrimony.
fresh	This certainly is one driven narrative. Wahlberg reportedly lost 60 lbs. for the role, and his gaunt look makes Jim seem all the more haunted as he repeatedly throws away vast sums on games of chance.
rotten	In a role that would have been ideal for Tom Cruise in psycho mode, Wahlberg is merely OK. Unfortunately, the film's effectiveness turns on whether we buy into his angst.
rotten	Ultimately, this version of The Gambler suffers from the same problem as the 1974 version, which starred James Caan at the height of his James Caan-iness: There's simply no one to root for.
rotten	Another wet battery about a week in the life of a gambling addict.
rotten	The character as written is so pretentious and self-destructive that it's difficult for the audience to connect with his story.
rotten	It's not hard to understand why Wahlberg and friends were drawn to remake 'The Gambler,' but they botched the job badly.
rotten	By suppressing Wahlberg's more typical sparkling unpredictability, this new reading of the character recasts him into someone more frustrating than free.
fresh	The Gambler is a solid remake - a film that retraces the path of the original while carving out its own identity.
fresh	It is easy ... to observe this character with a certain degree of fascination. It's enough.
fresh	A string of powerful performances, particularly Wahlberg's, and a killer soundtrack - including M83, Dinah Washington and St. Paul & the Broken Bones - redeem a middling entertainment gambit.
fresh	The extent to which The Gambler may intentionally or unintentionally glamorize or romanticize gambling does raise concerns, but...[the film] remains a study in the self-destructive personality.
fresh	This remake of Karel Reisz's 1974 film...features a great performance by John Goodman and falls together well enough as its anti-hero keeps shuffling his deck the more he's backed into a corner, but ...never really gets us into his protagonist's head.
fresh	The Gambler doesn't dig far below the surface of Jim's addiction, but there's still entertainment value in watching a man go down in flames.
fresh	A remarkably entertaining drama that's also, at times, a deep pit of sadness.
rotten	Like Jim, the movie is all swagger and no follow-through.
fresh	The Gambler is about the torturous dissatisfaction some people feel when they've managed to do everything right but still don't feel fulfilled
fresh	This remake of the 1974 James Caan film written by James Toback ... crackles with mordant cynicism.
rotten	The Gambler is a hollow, overwrought and glibly cynical remake of a '70s drama about a self-destructive academic.
rotten	Low on action and tension, long on grand speeches. Wahlberg gets an A for effort in an unlikely role.
rotten	Slick but slight, The Gambler is an unnecessary remake of a well-regarded 1974 film.
rotten	Mark Wahlberg deals a cool hand, but THE GAMBLER still loses big.
rotten	Despite terrific, witty performances by Williams and Goodman, most of the talent is wasted in this picture.
rotten	Watching a hostile pessimist purposefully sabotaging his own good fortune just isn't as fun as it sounds.
rotten	The bulk of the movie simply doesn't live up to the promise of its great opening sequence.
fresh	Wyatt ... brings some bristly, swaggering energy to the thing, and that in turn may have loosened Wahlberg up: He's both more intense and freer than he's been in years.
rotten	Its central flaw of having an unwatchable protagonist is simply too massive to ignore, and sours everything that comes as an extension of it.
fresh	At the risk of overselling what is a good but not great movie, The Gambler is a slick, stylish thriller about gambling, self-destruction and personal redemption.
rotten	It's a mess, pure and simple, and remaking it turns out to be a sucker's bet.
fresh	Mark Wahlberg, William Monahan and Rupert Wyatt are all working at the same level of comic intensity, and the thrill of the ride with them is enough to distract from some conceptual sloppiness.
rotten	This remake is just a watered-down version that hits all of the same beats as the original, only judges its nominal hero far less harshly, and emerges an oddly amoral film with an ending that borders on being ludicrous
fresh	Avoids the typical bombast of the normal crime thriller, instead focusing its efforts at being a densely-scripted character study.
rotten	The Gambler only truly comes alive towards the end...
fresh	Wyatt's showy direction gets in the way of the story more often than it should, but Wahlberg and a solid supporting cast will keep you invested in the outcome.
rotten	We didn't really care enough about Jim to be invested in his ultimate fate.
rotten	Almost any actor would have been hard-pressed to make this baffling, attention-deficit mess into anything other than the Love, Actually of gambling films.
fresh	Whether Wahlberg's been miscast or misdirected, we never buy him as a desperate addict. Still, the movie is so quick and cool that for much of the time, we barely notice how little is actually at stake.
fresh	The ending may be a total cop-out, but Wahlberg never embarrasses himself.
rotten	It suffers from a bloodless unwillingness to put too much on the line, made corporeal in the editing, with music-slathered time lapse standing in for Bennett's adrenaline-fueled epiphany during a roulette binge in Reno.
fresh	Generally entertaining but Mark Wahlberg is no Kevin Spacey.
fresh	The Gambler is a consistently entertaining game of chicken Jim plays with his life.
fresh	Too bad the main storyline of The Gambler is so obvious. With a little more finesse we'd have a great film instead of a very good one.
rotten	The Gambler had all the right ingredients... but it's a disappointing misfire that fails to capitalize on its intriguing premise.
fresh	Blackjack is more of a noose than a needle for this self-destructive blowhard, and if that sounds less dramatic than the tale of a man who just can't walk away from the table, it is significantly funnier.
rotten	The one bit of good news is that the first Gambler is currently streaming on Netflix. Do yourself a favor and watch that one instead.
fresh	Mark Wahlberg puts forth one of his better efforts in The Gambler, a character study that's more "Hollywood" than "deeply reflective."
fresh	A searing character study unfolding against a variety of visually-captivating L.A. locales ranging from the seamy to the posh, and underscored by an appropriately-gritty soundtrack.
fresh	Those looking for a typical Wahlberg thriller might come away disappointed. Others looking for a less sure bet might reap the rewards.
fresh	The Gambler asks us why we root for a hero, just because he's the protagonist. I'm not talking about an unlikeable hero or an antihero, but one with whom it is actually foolish for us to identify at all.
rotten	Our anti-hero has a gambling addiction. He is depressed. He is trapped. And the arc of the movie is about him trying to ditch his unhappy life and pull it out. Snore.
rotten	"The Gambler" is a flawed, well-shot throwback that feels swayed by studio interference, full of performances serving a script that limits their efforts to one-liners.
fresh	This is a rare remake that stands on its own two feet.
fresh	A cooly entertaining countdown narrative whose stakes rarely feel as life-and-death as they're meant to.
fresh	In nearly every scene, Wahlberg carries off the central role with what could be called determined elan.
rotten	There's enough swaggering cynicism for three pictures but barely enough soul to sustain even one in Rupert Wyatt's "The Gambler," a stylish, energetic but disappointingly glib remake of Karel Reisz's still-potent 1974 drama of the same title.
rotten	Tone trumps all in The Gambler, an exercise in studied cool that's commendably idiosyncratic, although ultimately not to any great effect.
rotten	It's no mystery why actors and directors want to relive the magic of American studio movies from the fabled 1970s, but if you're not going to take the risks that the originals did, or illuminate as much about the characters, why redo them at all?
fresh	... screenwriter William Monahan, director Rupert Wyatt, and star Mark Wahlberg have made something that lives and dies on its own merits, in its own voice, worthy of its own conversation.
fresh	...a tremendous and problematic movie that ultimately rings with intelligence, sadness and a kind of validating generosity toward human foible.
fresh	Writer-director Mike Leigh renders an intimately detailed portrait of the artist and Timothy Spall portrays Mr. Turner in brilliant strokes.
fresh	Beautifully shot and acted, it's one of Leigh's more enjoyable and accessible recent films, one that will appeal to more than the arthouse crowd normally drawn to his films.
fresh	Like it's subject, the film has an irascible charm. Leigh strips away the myth of the vaunted artist; the highly evolved being with special knowledge. He also avoids the cliches that come with portraying an artist of Turner's stature.
fresh	Unlike a conventional biopic like "The Imitation Game" that attempts to draw clear cause-and-effect between one event and the next, Leigh refuses to explain or judge his subject. The "Mr." in title suggests the respectful distance he keeps.
fresh	[Leigh's] refracted camera lens casts a light on the period as gorgeous and evocative -- and occasionally as repellent -- as the light laid down on Turner's grand canvasses.
fresh	The lack of a normal story structure will baffle and even bore some viewers. But I highly recommend trying it. If you can tap into its vibe, it's amazing.
fresh	Some of Dick Pope's unique shots are beautiful enough to elicit awe and admiration, which makes this picture a perfect match between subject matter (artist) and presentation (artful).
fresh	Turner's great oils and watercolors... seem indistinct at first but consist of a wealth of details that eventually merge into a clear picture. Leigh's movie does the same, building a full portrait from a series of vignettes.
fresh	Leigh is as interested as Turner in the elusive, the evocative and the essential.
fresh	Leigh strings together scenes that are alternately funny, sad, bitter and baffling, sometimes all at the same time.
fresh	Portrait of the artist as a troll
fresh	Mr. Turner, for better or worse, is a film that stays with you.
fresh	Anyone who knows Leigh's method wouldn't be surprised that Mr. Turner is more of an intuitive collage than a faithful dramatization of reality. It's a fascinating, mostly plotless examination of one man's tortured artistic process.
fresh	Mike Leigh's biopic is so richly detailed that it feels like a documentary. Spall goes for broke in the outsize title role.
fresh	Portrait of the artist: He grunts, he groans, he gropes.
fresh	There is little in the way of narrative eventfulness in the film, but Leigh luxuriates in the moments, and provides glimpses of what it takes to be an artist amid the fray.
fresh	Mr. Turner is an absolutely luminous film.
fresh	The late life of English painter J.M.W. Turner is brilliantly reimagined by Leigh and his versatile star, Spall.
fresh	Rex Reed, who called Melissa McCarthy a "hippo" in his review of Identity Thief, has done it again, stating that Mr. Turner's star is "too repulsive to watch for 150 minutes." Reed's remarks are totally uncalled for. His dismissal, however, would not be.
fresh	At 150 minutes, it's a little too long but there are stretches during its course when it captivates and amazes.
fresh	He is the Man Who Watches.
fresh	Mr. Turner provides a gorgeously detailed world for a flawed, magnetic leading man.
fresh	You leave "Mr. Turner," as with all good fact-based films, wanting to know more about this man and his work - and remembering that beautiful, almost touchable light, on the canvas and on the screen.
fresh	The brilliant Timothy Spall puts in a career-topping lead performance in director Mike Leigh's unhurried, largely plotless, strangely mesmeric portrait of British artist Joseph Turner.
fresh	For modern moviegoers, the earthy "Mr. Turner" may seem like slowly steeped tea with an unpleasant aftertaste. But while some are impatiently waiting for the paint to dry, astute viewers will see a cinematic landscape bloom.
fresh	Director Mike Leigh and actor Timothy Spall paint their own masterpiece.
fresh	If the past is a foreign country, then "Mr. Turner" is one of the most rhapsodic foreign films you may ever see.
fresh	You really need to work to find Turner's redeeming qualities. But somehow Spall finds them in a performance that is rooted in subtle brilliance.
fresh	Timothy Spall inhabits the role so completely he disappears within in it, a trick of the light.
fresh	Revives an era in astonishing, delicate detail, then moves through the space with a documentarian's eye. Leigh takes Turner out of art history and puts him back in the world.
fresh	Mr. Turner is no barrel of laughs. It's a barrel of life - an extraordinary one.
fresh	Leigh's method is to grant actors great latitude to invent their own characters. I wonder if his deference to their contributions might interfere with judicious editing.
fresh	It's exquisitely put together, and Spall sucks the marrow out of the role, playing Turner as inquisitive and impetuous, comfortable in the Royal Academy of Arts or a brothel.
fresh	Mr. Turner isn't just pretty; it's museum-ready masterpiece gorgeous.
fresh	Mr. Turner, like just about all movies made by Mike Leigh, creates the sensation of being in a vividly realized mini-universe built from the ground up.
fresh	An inspired film, a beautiful exploration of art and creation and difficulty, with Spall's brilliant performance at its center.
fresh	One of the finest films about an artist ever made, fashioned by a filmmaker who's a notable artist himself.
fresh	A towering film. Leigh revels in the physicality of this long gone era. But between the lines, he provides a lesson in keeping the soul guarded and seeking what endures.
fresh	Takes you on a bit of a meander, but you'll find by the end that you've arrived somewhere.
fresh	Biopic of famous painter is well-acted but slow moving.
fresh	...contrasts beautiful art with ugly humanity.
fresh	The best kind of period biopic, that transports the viewer into its world and right beside its subject.
fresh	Leigh's film, as ever, is a spirited, intimate and funny character study, an artist biopic that avoids the trap of mythologising its subject.
fresh	Timothy Spall gives an admirably warty and unpleasant performance as Turner, an arrogant and uncompromising man who's annoyed by his celebrity in Britain but shocked when the public turns against his work.
fresh	A gorgeous, important film.
rotten	Failure isn't only the province of the lazy and uninspired. No, even the gifted and conscientious must occasionally take a stroll through that blasted landscape, and with Mr. Turner Leigh does it, for 2 1/2 hours. Don't go with him.
fresh	Epic in breadth and length (2 1/2 hours), and gorgeously photographed (digitally) by Bill Pope, Mr. Turner is intimate in incident.
fresh	Mr. Turner clocks in at a full two and a half hours, but the pacing is such that we never feel it drag.
fresh	Bailey's Mrs. Booth chirpily complements the cantankerous Turner, while Atkinson's Hannah conveys a sadness and longing that earn her the final close-up from the movie's humanist director.
fresh	Every scene in the film crackles with Mike Leigh's instinct for dramatic comedy and layered theme, but Mr Turner is also startlingly beautiful to behold.
fresh	Leigh's process once again yields a compassionate narrative in which subtle glances and asides tell the story as much as the plot itself.
fresh	Leigh's world-building is immaculate: abetted by Suzy Davies' extraordinary production design, Mr. Turner subtly constructs environments that evoke what Turner sees, tonally and spatially, that those around him cannot.
fresh	This focus expands the film, so it is not only about one artist, but also about artistic process, its adversities and frustrations as much as its revelations and rewards.
fresh	If you're a patient film buff who relishes the idea of a low-key yet consistently compelling cinematic biography that's in no real hurry to get anywhere, there's a whole lot to admire about Mr. Turner.
fresh	As Mr Turner finds the humanity within the harshness of a life of winding down and of an extraordinary talent housed within a complex man, Leigh and his collaborators on-screen and off turn the corresponding account into its own masterly work.
fresh	Spall grabs the role with gusto, grunting, snorting and waddling, top hatted, umbrella in hand, reminiscent of Danny deVito's Penguin in Batman Returns.
fresh	As is usual with any Mike Leigh film -- a style unique and trademarked by now -- his ensemble is a collection of remarkably adept actors who know their characters so well they could stay in character for weeks, continually improvising, as they often do.
fresh	There's great value not only in the uncompromising, anti-sentimental central performance, but in Leigh and cinematographer Dick Pope's impressively disciplined lensing, which shows us what Turner saw without slavishly trying to evoke his canvasses.
fresh	Never thrilling but always intriguing, the film is a highly personal portrait of an artist that itself becomes a work of art worthy of preservation.
fresh	The director's best film since 1999's Topsy-Turvy.
fresh	To use a word often associated with Turner and his art, it's sublime.
fresh	It may be art, but it's not entertainment.
fresh	Leigh's screenplay is devoid of meaningless banter, but brimming with consequential glances and purposeful dialogue. One of the best-written, and most handsomely filmed movies this year.
fresh	To hold audience interest for 150 minutes with virtually no action sequences speaks volumes.
fresh	Leigh always brings the pain, but such bulging agony is throttled for this bio-pic, which largely avoids melodrama to cut into the man and feel around for what remains of his soul.
fresh	Mr. Turner manages to illuminate that nexus between biography and art with elegant understatement.
fresh	It's actor Timothy Spall who brings what could have been a two-dimensional caricature to life.
fresh	[Mr. Turner] manages to get inside the head and heart of an artist, details what made him such a distinctive figure in art history, and gives film lovers a chance to stare at some of the most beautiful cinematography of 2014.
fresh	The gap between the celestial art of the great English romantic painter Joseph Mallord William Turner and the brutish details of his life is vividly explored in Mike Leigh's tragicomic movie Mr. Turner.
rotten	A vacuous endurance test about an abstract loser.
fresh	The film itself is rich with spirit and possessed of a dry humour, if not overly concerned about representing the world as Turner saw it. Spall makes a man who tried to give little away hugely expressive.
fresh	Like Turner's own paintings, [Spall] creates a series of impressions that, when seen from the right angle, create an astounding vision. It is truly remarkable, and it is unlikely that you'll see its kind again.
fresh	I can't say enough about the power of Spall's performance.
fresh	Keen observer Mike Leigh brings his hawk's eye to a vibrant rendering of J.M.W. Turner, the celebrated British "painter of light."
fresh	"Mr. Turner" is a rich portrait of England at a particularly scabrous period.
fresh	... one of the most memorable and intriguing films I've seen in a long time. Mike Leigh should be congratulated for the creativity and artistry of this film.
fresh	Despite his own failings and faults, Leigh and Spall's Turner is a man consumed by the search for truth and beauty, even in the midst of the less than pretty truths of his times.
fresh	Without a speck of pomposity Leigh's film - one of the year's best - honors its subject in all his tetchy ambiguity.
fresh	Erudite and exquisite, it exudes color and exacting visuals....
fresh	The film looks and feels like a Turner painting, thanks to Leigh's collaboration with cinematographer Dick Pope, capturing the immense beauty that so transfixed this man.
fresh	Dick Pope's digital cinematography, akin to the canvases themselves, is luminous, magisterial and expressive of all that Turner's rebuffs and grunts do not bother to express.
fresh	A vivid grumble.
fresh	"Mr. Turner" is a rich, ruthless and profoundly compassionate study of life and love and art, for those who find themselves on its wavelength, but it also presents itself as a challenge.
fresh	Timothy Spall mesmerises, proving the artist is beautiful and monstrous.
fresh	With his Cannes winner for Best Actor (Timothy Spall, "All or Nothing") and Technical Achievement (cinematographer Dick Pope, "Another Year"), writer/director Mike Leigh ("Topsy-Turvy," "Another Year") has created one of the great films about an artist.
fresh	Mike Leigh here conducts his most captivating character study since Naked.
fresh	Timothy Spall grunts, gurgles and sputters playing J. M. W. Turner in Mike Leigh's magnificent biopic. The round-faced British character actor continues to seize awards for his crass-yet-compelling portrait of an artist as a wheezy old lout.
fresh	The evocation of time and place in "Mr. Turner," transports us to 19th century England in such a convincing way, we're never aware of the effort... Spall is astonishing.
fresh	As fresh and lively as one of its subject's oil seascapes.
fresh	Spall may make a grotesque of Turner - piggish, rutting, whoring - but he finds such incandescence in the world around him. And director Mike Leigh lets you see that incandescence as Turner saw it: Everywhere.
fresh	For those who don't mind taking an extended look at a masterpiece and the human hand behind it, Mr. Turner may well reframe your relationship to light itself.
fresh	It's a painfully uneven movie, but its best moments are ravishingly good.
fresh	Filmmaker Mike Leigh's biography of the landscape painter J.M.W. Turner is what critics call "austere"-which means it's slow and grim and deliberately hard to love-yet it's fascinating, and the performances and photography are outstanding.
fresh	Rather than pure nostalgia, this movie feels like time traveling.
fresh	With his incomparable Mr. Turner, Mike Leigh continues to make other directors look simpleminded.
fresh	The sprawling, loosely structured 2 1/2 hour drama has some of the year's most stunning visuals, many of which appear as artfully composed scenes in Turner's work.
fresh	As per usual, the method of Leigh's screenplay is relaxed ... but the aim and details are precise.
fresh	If Mr. Turner sometimes slips out of gear and refuses to make sense in the pursuit of its character, that's only because its subject did the same in the pursuit of his art.
fresh	Any expectations of reverential biography are quickly dispelled by Mr. Leigh's sharp, scintillating script and Mr. Spall's uncanny daring.
fresh	J.M.W. Turner, arguably the greatest of British painters, was an uncommonly difficult man, and "Mr. Turner," the exceptional film Mike Leigh has made about him, does not do things the easy way either.
fresh	Writing about Mr. Turner a few weeks after seeing it, I feel a craving to be again immersed in its world, which is rich with colors, textures, and, it sometimes almost seems, smells ...
fresh	"Mr. Turner" is a mighty work of critical imagination, a loving, unsentimental portrait of a rare creative soul.
fresh	Leigh shows us the world as Turner sees it-harsh and ravishing. His beauty of a movie touches the heart not by sentimental gush but by the amplitude of its art.&#8203;
fresh	It's not a pretty portrait of the artist. But it is a real one.
fresh	A portrait of the artist as visionary oddball, for whom life was an endless source of both beauty and the irritating distractions blocking his view of said beauty.
fresh	Unusually, a long running time is a positive factor here, especially as Turner's painting style begins to change radically in sync with his advancing age.
fresh	Above all, Leigh's generous approach to capturing the fullness of Turner's life, through unhurried rhythms and scenes, makes Mr. Turner memorable.
fresh	Leigh and lead Timothy Spall make full use of their canvas, creating a sprawling portrayal of a wonderfully messy personality.
fresh	Leigh and Pope simply let Turner exist in the landscapes he's trying to capture, creating the cinematic equivalent of Turner's panoramic washes.
fresh	Timothy Spall etches an indelible portrait of the great painter, aided by a marvelous supporting cast who make the period spring alive.
fresh	This is a stunning encapsulation of a life, effortlessly hitting upon universal themes of creativity, mortality, love and our lasting worth on a planet that will keep spinning long after we're gone.
fresh	This is less your standard-issue biopic than a foray into the mystery of human feeling.
fresh	It's a form of language, the noises Spall has conjured, and coupled with his permanent scowl - Spall's Turner would make a fine Halloween mask or Muppet - he keeps a happily meandering film most grounded.
fresh	It's one of the fullest biographies ever made.
fresh	Watching Mike Leigh's Mr Turner is a little like being immersed in a beautiful painting. Exquisite to look at with wonderful cinematography and production design, this portrayal is a showcase for veteran actor Timothy Spall
fresh	Mike Leigh's late-career fascination with the turning of the seasons and corporeal decline is illustrated with great humour and poetry in Mr. Turner.
fresh	A fascinating character, a vividly realized film portrait
fresh	"Mr. Turner" is a harsh, strange, but stirring movie, no more a conventional artist's bio-pic than Robert Altman's wonderful, little-seen film about van Gogh and his brother, "Vincent and Theo."
fresh	Timothy Spall's impressive performance as the 19th Century English artist notwithstanding, this is a film to respect more than to love.
fresh	Turner, you'd hope, would be proud.
fresh	Spall's Turner grunts and growls, gurgles and wheezes, but the performance could not be more eloquent, revealing the painter in all his contradictions and genius.
fresh	Leigh's own masterpiece.
fresh	Never before has "Ghhrrrrr" meant so much or conveyed such depth of character.
fresh	If there is one film you should see on the largest screen possible this year, it is Mr Turner, which is not merely the portrait of an artist but a full-frontal, joyous bellyflop into the seascapes of his paintings.
fresh	It's no surprise that Mike Leigh would take a distinctly original approach to the celebrity biopic, and this film about 19th century painter J.M.W. Turner is refreshingly unstructured and abrasive.
fresh	I confidently predict Timothy Spall will be lifting a Bafta, if not an Oscar, for his brilliant performance as 19th-century painter JMW Turner in this affecting biopic.
fresh	How could such a delicate and visionary artist - a genius - be such a grunting warthog of a man?
fresh	It's not the sort of tidy biopic that Hollywood churns out in batches, but that somehow makes it even truer to the spirit of the Romantic period when it takes place.
fresh	When you have Spall doing the grunting, and Mike Leigh at the helm, as both writer and director, such gruntiness can be quite sublime, as can snorting and huffing.
fresh	Shimmering with awards potential, Leigh's glorious picture is a hilarious, confounding, wholehearted and dazzlingly performed portrait of an artist as an ageing man.
fresh	Leigh has earned this masterpiece through the Turner school of industrious application.
fresh	At two-and-a-half hours, this is not a portrait in miniature, but Spall is mesmerising to watch, even making a convincing show of creating some of Turner's famous works before the camera, including The Fighting Temeraire.
fresh	It's a beautiful film because it isn't afraid of beauty's uglinesses. Artists don't personify the ideal or dazzling worlds they envision. They are the workshop, not the work. So it's right, in a biopic, that we see the mess of the creative life.
fresh	This is no stuffy costume drama but a richly lived-in visit to early-19th-century England that is rough, bawdy, often funny, and more often unsettling.
rotten	It didn't do it for me. I spent nearly as much time looking at my watch as I did gazing at Spall and Pope's great work.
fresh	As one would expect from Leigh, this is a movie marinated in detail.
fresh	It's a funny, fitting, warts-and-all monument to a British master, with Mike Leigh demonstrating a command of his craft to rival even his subject.
fresh	Rarely has watching paint dry been so fascinating.
fresh	[VIDEO ESSAY] Mike Leigh's reputation as an unrivaled inventor of cinematic dramaturgy once again over-delivers on his promise. How, you might ask, is that possible. Such is the nature of Mike Leigh's incomprehensible genius.
fresh	This is a fascinating, lusciously detailed portrait of an artist, but it could have used a little less colour and a bit more subtle shading.
fresh	Mr. Turner is gorgeous, touching, weird, interesting, funny and a thousand other superlatives.
fresh	Mike Leigh's attention to detail is in fine form here, and it fills every aspect of the film's production.
fresh	Slow period piece 'Mr. Turner' is an actors', filmmaker's, photographer's, and costume and set designers' delight.
fresh	An extraordinary portrait of the last stages in the life and career of Joseph Mallord William Turner, the painter of light.
fresh	"Timothy Spall grunts and grumbles his way through the film, chewing the scenery and spitting it back out with contempt."
fresh	Spall's characterization is never less than towering. . . . Now finally there's Oscar chatter for his Turner, who struts down the London's alleyways like a Dickensian villain, porcine and self-involved.
rotten	While his visual take on the life of J.M.W. Turner's is among Leigh's most ambitious attempts, outside of a few key scenes and good performances, the film lays lifeless like a PBS special on a Sunday afternoon.
fresh	Timothy Spall - best known to mainstream audiences as Wormtail in the Harry Potter series - delivers an Oscar-caliber tour de force reminiscent of Charles Laughton
fresh	Timothy Spall grunts, gurgles and sputters playing J. M. W. Turner in Mike Leigh's visually stunning biopic. The round-faced British character actor took Best Actor at Cannes for his crass-yet-compelling portrait of an artist as a wheezy old lout.
fresh	An astute summation of Mike Leigh's glum view of humanity, but also a challenge to this disposition and his own pessimistic perspective.
fresh	A masterpiece of a film with truly uncanny performances from Timothy Spall, Dorothy Atkinson and Marion Bailey.
fresh	Leigh has it both ways: he's tough on British history, but there's still a bit of Heritage England seeping through.
fresh	Timothy Spall is a grunting, squinting, po-faced force of nature in Mike Leigh's surprising and charming biography of Romantic landscape painter J.M.W. Turner
fresh	Spall's repertoire of grunts, each one with its own distinct meaning, comfortably extends past a hundred, and you wonder if he went Method for the role, living for years in a sty until he got the voice, posture and smell just right.
fresh	Leigh isn't so much interested in artist as martyr as he is in the artist as self-contained multitude, containing all the foibles and paradoxes of his age.
fresh	...Mr Turner, though not without flaws, is something of a twilight culmination of Leigh's work, and very much one in which the filmmaker turns his lens on himself, as is so often the case when directors make movies about artists.
fresh	Mike Leigh's biopic of JMW Turner is a rambling, richly detailed character study with a magnificent central performance from Timothy Spall.
fresh	Who else could've made an interesting film about an uninteresting man if not Leigh, the expert of finding gloriousness in moments of ordinary being?
fresh	A slowgoing yet rich showcase for veteran character actor Timothy Spall.
fresh	It's far and away Timothy Spall's finest work, and even more a triumph for Mike Leigh, to have brought such artistry of his own to such an artist.
fresh	The film is distinguished by a truly stunning performance from Timothy Spall.
fresh	Mr. Turner works at once as a warts-and-all portrait of the painter and his circle, and as a large-scale evocation of Victorian England.
fresh	One of [Mike] Leigh's most rewarding works. He is now 71, but this film and his last one, Another Year, show that he's at the lofty peak of his powers.
fresh	Mr. Turner isn't quite an aesthetic failure, yet neither is it an unabashed success the way many of Leigh's recent works have proven to be.
fresh	'Mr. Turner' feels like a perfect summation of Leigh's career. Bold, beautiful and a little cranky. Also, importantly, not to everyone's taste.
fresh	Whilst a little too long at just under 2 and a half hours, Leigh has nevertheless created something of a masterpiece.
fresh	Mike Leigh takes on the topsy-turvy life of J.M.W. Turner in an exquisitely detailed, brilliantly acted biopic.
fresh	Leigh makes no judgements on his protagonist but instead chooses to place before us a man both ordinary and extraordinary as he shuffles about his daily business.
fresh	What a glorious film this is, richly and immediately enjoyable, hitting its satisfying stride straight away.
fresh	Timothy Spall - a veteran of Mike Leigh's films - plays this eccentric, determined London bohemian like a bronchial, cantankerous, randy old toad with backache.
fresh	Ostensibly a courtroom drama, Black or White is actually one of the most sensitive and intelligent introspections of American race relations in quite some time.
rotten	Although the script lacks nuance or any real tension, Binder uses Costner effectively.
fresh	More depth and clarity than expected.
rotten	It isn't enough that the movie's heart and soul are in the right place. It needed edge and art to throw a punch.
rotten	Not the film America deserves, and it is also not the film America needs. But we got it anyway.
fresh	The script, written by director Binder, tries to say too much, and in doing so, loses some of its charm.
rotten	We are left with a movie that raises more questions that it satisfactorily addresses.
rotten	Sorting through prejudices and nuances of racial perception occasionally takes Black or White into intriguing territory...[more often] a rather mushily obvious, TV-movie-style courtroom drama built on straw-man arguments.
rotten	... might get viewers stirred up about the hypocrisies of racial politics, but it's unlikely to change many perspectives.
rotten	A family drama that shies away from any serious examination of racism in America
rotten	Its heart is in the right place, but the story and characters are all a bit too obvious and cliche.
rotten	A movie that means well but lacks the conviction and cultural awareness necessary for anything substantial.
fresh	Great cast reveals rough and sentimental journey; Jillian Estel as Eloise is amazing
fresh	Binder's ability to make smart arguments for both sides of the issue, without becoming overly sentimental, gives Black or White a solid foundation.
fresh	Binder's script is a big-screen soap opera, which he attempts to offset with often out-of-place humor.
fresh	Another subtle reminder of how much racial bigotry matters...
fresh	For the first two acts, Mike Binder casts an honest look at these characters' pride and prejudices. Too bad its last act hinges more on incident and surprise than illumination or self-reflection. It mars an otherwise admirably tough-minded drama.
rotten	Its heart may be in the right place but the film's script lacks the nuance and subtlety that could really elevate this drama.
fresh	Kevin Costner's and Octavia Spencer's confrontational scenes are "Black or White's" strong suits.
rotten	Black or White isn't so much an offensive movie as it is a pointless one.
fresh	The caliber of the acting by Costner, Spencer and Anthony Mackie is better than the script deserves.
rotten	Oh, the bathos! The loony wrongheadedness of the screenplay!
fresh	It's far from ground-breaking in its social statements, but Black or White is still a solid comedy/drama buoyed by good performances all around.
rotten	A discussion is better than none, but the conversation can be improved.
rotten	Black Or White asks the right questions, but never gets around to answering them, instead finding itself caught up in stereotypes and cutesy storytelling that often feels like a Hallmark message.
fresh	Black or White is far from perfect, but it's an ideal way to kick off a healthy discussion on race in America.
rotten	Even when well-intentioned - which I believe this movie is - broad, sweeping, can't-we-all-just-get-along moralizing only opens the door for cringe-worthy moments, which this movie has plenty of.
fresh	See what great actors Costner and Spencer can do with Mike Binder's uneven, but at times powerful and funny tale of race in America.
fresh	Binder tackles some very tough material here in a very thoughtful way, even if it falls a little off-balance.
rotten	Black or White seems manufactured to show why an alcoholic white man is always better than triflin' ass black people.
rotten	Black or White is a toxic misstep for racial discourse. It boils a serious, knotty story down into a series of running gags, awkward moments, and grandstanding courtroom dialogues.
fresh	While it is a little over-simplified in the end - which, to be fair, might have been necessary to get it made - "Black or White" is a thoughtful addition to the current dialogue on race relations.
rotten	Doesn't convincingly delve much deeper than the superficial and stereotypical. (Full Content Review -- Sex, Profanity, Violence, etc. -- for Parents also available)
rotten	Costner's never been better than he is here. But Binder's...wrapped his film in cloying Hallmark sentiment with a cutesy score that undermines much of what he's trying to achieve.
rotten	Kevin Costner scowls and darts around the dubious thin line between "racism" and un-sugarcoated "truthfulness" that only anti-P.C. wingnuts actually believe exists.
rotten	Despite the best of intentions, a career-best performance from Kevin Costner, and outstanding work by Octavia Spencer and child actor Jillian Estell, "Black or White" succumbs to some of the same stereotypes it tries to dispel.
fresh	Black Or White is a good movie constantly fluctuating back and forth from clunky to complex.
fresh	It may be helpful - or vexing - to think of "Black or White" as the great grandchild of "Guess Who's Coming to Dinner?"
rotten	Binder, who once made lowbrow comedies but now specializes in middlebrow dramedies, is in several leagues over his head with this story ...
rotten	"Black or White" stumbles even as it tries to move forward.
rotten	It's often painful, and not in a good way; it's painful because of the roads it doesn't explore, the shortcuts it takes, and the special pleading it can't stop itself from indulging in.
rotten	Well meaning but wrong headed
rotten	No one seems to want to talk about [race], so Binder finds ways to force them to. Every time, those methods feel forced and unearned.
fresh	Binder continues to be better with the small moments than the big ones.
rotten	"White," despite its best intentions, is often too simplified for mass acceptance, losing big screen appeal once the audience realizes that everything about the picture would be better suited for the small screen.
fresh	Sometimes flawed material can be saved by great performances and good intentions.
fresh	The film is by no means perfect and its goals are undermined by a sloppy climax and conclusion but it avoids preaching while providing fodder for thought.
rotten	Kevin Costner gives everything he's got to the role, but writer-director Mike Binder, who worked beautifully with Costner on 2005's The Upside of Anger, finds himself on the downside of juggling stereotypes.
rotten	A heartfelt but contrived and simplistic take on the subject [of race relations].
rotten	The title suggests there are no easy answers. So why does everything feel so tidy?
rotten	Costner's performance really is powerful. What it all means remains a mystery.
rotten	Black or White comes at the issue [of race] from so many angles simultaneously that the overall impact is muted.
rotten	The movie is appealing enough to make you want to believe it, even when you don't.
rotten	Talk about tin ears. "Black or White" comes off as the product of clouded eyes, sour stomachs and addled brains.
fresh	A well-intentioned, white-perspective drama like "Black or White" isn't going to change the world, but it might change the terms of an overdue conversation.
rotten	A movie that's every bit as oversimplified and obvious as its title.
fresh	This is undeniably well-intentioned, though, and the players are sensitive and sincere.
rotten	If only Black or White spent more time in the gray zone.
rotten	A solid cast, but the racial issue is so poorly presented that the film feels unintentionally offensive.
rotten	The title suggests a choice Mike Binder's movie will make for you, stacking the deck with half the cards.... contains all the racial insight of a Madea farce.
rotten	The L.A. of Black Or White is so absurdly synthetic and divorced from the real world that a stiff breeze could blow the whole thing into the Pacific.
fresh	It might not be the Oscar contender it was once hailed as, but that doesn't mean it's not a solidly made film -- even a brave one, for its willingness to tackle touchy issues.
fresh	A flawed but noble look at race.
rotten	Costner deserves credit for continuing to make - or, at least trying to make - grown-up movies. But he's undercut at almost every point here by director Mike Binder ...
rotten	Mike Binder's got the heart but not the grit to fully tap the potential of this well intentioned drama.
fresh	"Black or White"... is notable for what it doesn't try to do. It doesn't assess America's racial attitudes based on the headlines of the day or use its story... to placate or to inflame.
rotten	Mostly the movie is an excuse for Binder to set up straw-man arguments and tear them down disingenuously.
fresh	Good acting and plenty to think about, but a better director than Mike Binder would have made a better film.
rotten	Willing to acknowledge a thorny middle ground without ever finding a satisfying path through it, Black or White is a film all about matters of race that hardly matters at all.
rotten	Despite excellent performances by Kevin Costner, Octavia Spencer and other cast members, Mike Binder's racially tinged custody battle drama "Black or White" never achieves much in the way of dramatic credibility.
rotten	'Black or White' is one of the messiest films ever made, which is to say it's hard to knock down (or praise).
rotten	Kevin Costner continues a quietly incremental comeback with this child-custody drama. It could have been his Kramer vs. Kramer-but doesn't even come close.
rotten	Not since the last Dinesh D'Souza flick has a movie seemed so eager to tell us who are the good black people and who the bad ones.
fresh	Definitely tilts toward the white guy POV, but still a smart, quotable and well-acted drama that turns stereotypes on their ears.
fresh	Worth the investment for veteran Costner's vintage performance and for the way in which the timely script dares to tackle some tough social questions in refreshingly-realistic, if perhaps politically-incorrect fashion.
rotten	"If I were as unfair as director Mike Binder is to his African-American characters, I'd say this project is a white filmmaker's rationalization to have a white character occasionally say (and certainly think) the N-word while raising a black child."
fresh	The filmmaker and his on-screen proxies boldly go places our national discourse desperately needs to go, yet rarely does.
rotten	This is a tiresome interracial custody dramedy in which white non-guilt righteously dukes it out with black melodrama.
rotten	Kevin Costner shines in Mike Binder's disappointingly dull and safe-playing race relations drama.
rotten	The film's sentiments are so hollow they wind up doing an injustice to the very real problems that exist in a world where racial inequality and the myriad of concerns the spring from it, are far more complex than simply black and white.
fresh	Flawed but engaging, with an excellent performance by Kevin Costner.
fresh	A broad but touching dramedy about the racial barriers that divide us and the family ties that bind.
rotten	Costner gives one of his strongest performances in recent years, but the effort is for naught in a film that ultimately doesn't have the courage to deal honestly with the issues it raises.
fresh	The plot doesn't entirely hold water... but Law exudes brawny charisma and helps the film build up a good head of sweaty, claustrophobic tension.
fresh	Black Sea is another strongly made drama from British filmmaker Kevin Macdonald and, like The Last King of Scotland and State of Play, is about a protagonist in an untenable situation.
fresh	Not much of it is credible, starting with the hiring of a rusty submarine out of Sevastopol, but it has action and adventure to burn, leavened with bits of humour.
fresh	Though not perfect, Black Sea is a tense piece of pressure cooker entertainment.
fresh	Twelve men in a leaky boat with greed for company and the Russian Navy above them. A shame that none of them are very likeable.
rotten	Jude Law completes with Black Sea his transformation into one of the UK's most imposing screen presences. This, we were not expecting. What next? Ray Winstone, now out of a job, auditioning for Alfie 2?
fresh	The hidden treasure genre is full of inventive stories and this is yet another one, a smart screenplay that pushes all the right elements to the fore
fresh	The journey begins with high hopes and a sense of adventure but very soon it is the disintegration of the relationships on-board that prompts the fiery unraveling; forcing life and death decisions, rather than those concerning wealth and poverty
rotten	The film disappoints due to its lack of tension and gaffes in realism, which should have been airtight.
rotten	You'll be holding your breath right along with these treasure hunters as their hope for survival grows as black as the ocean depths.
fresh	A modest, tightly wound, straightforward story about a dangerous task performed by disposable men under severe conditions.
rotten	[You] could do far worse than this competently steered, claustrophobic adventure. But better fare exists in the subgenre catalog, and implausibility problems make this movie only partially compelling.
fresh	Director Kevin Macdonald and writer Dennis Kelly craft a relentless, claustrophobic nail-biting thriller.
fresh	Tension on a run-down submarine isn't perfect, but it's good enough
fresh	I was afraid this would be a case of Robinson quickly succumbing to Ocean Madness and going kill-happy in the submarine's unfriendly confines.
rotten	"Black Sea" is shrill and strident - an overall unpleasant experience.
fresh	Not one of the all-time great sub movies, but it's an entertaining ride and a gloom-filled glimpse at the darker side of human nature.
fresh	An extremely satisfying undersea adventure with a quality lead performance by Jude Law.
fresh	It's a great setting for putting a group of people under intense mental and physical pressure, one that director Kevin Macdonald and screenwriter Dennis Kelly put to excellent use in Black Sea.
rotten	While "Black Sea" physically dives deep, the story is shallow, the character's motivations are irrational and the drama is forced. The star of the film is the old, rickety submarine and the tension only she provides.
rotten	Despite leading man Jude Law's passionate performance, his vessel continuously springs leaks.
fresh	Too often, moviegoers must choose between character-driven drama and edge-of-your-seat action. "Black Sea" has both, with a gripping performance by Jude Law as their nexus.
fresh	Black Sea is a submarine thriller set in the murky depths of exactly where the title says.
fresh	By no means a masterpiece, but a solid genre offering, a portrait of desperate men crammed together and surrounded on all sides by what one describes as "dark, cold death." What better way to escape the midwinter doldrums?
fresh	Macdonald is a fine captain himself, particularly when it comes to the more visceral thrills. But he could have stood to cut the screed against the fat cats who line their pockets with dollars earned by the workingman.
fresh	It isn't the smartest or most exciting thriller that viewers will have seen but, thanks to a quality cast and a fresh setup, Black Sea is still an entertaining watch.
fresh	A conventional underwater boat movie, albeit one that's well-made enough so that when you turn to each other after the movie and shrug, you mean it in a good way. Sort of.
rotten	The script stays on the surface instead of exploring the depths of the material.
fresh	Kevin Macdonald's adventurous thriller is a familiar but exciting descent into absolute madness that is extremely well acted, completely intense, and entirely amusing thanks to its eccentric cast of colorful nut jobs.
fresh	I'm something of a sucker for submarine-movie cliches; watching this movie, I was happy the very first time I heard a disconcerting ping.
fresh	BLACK SEA is a solid, mostly thrilling submarine movie ... with one big flaw
fresh	Conventional Hollywood wisdom says one should be wary of any Hollywood thriller released in the first month or so of any year. Black Sea is an exception to that rule.
fresh	Macdonald creates a suitable claustrophobic setting for his tale to unfold, and it efficiently does so over the film's 115-some minute runtime. (Full Content Review -- Sex, Profanity, Violence, etc. -- for Parents also available)
fresh	Even though "The Black Sea" dives a little deeper than needed, it rises above its B-movie roots to become a solid, well-crafted thriller.
fresh	Screenwriter Dennis Kelly turns to the old Nazi-sub-full-of-gold chestnut for a thriller that resembles an underwater "The Treasure of the Sierra Madre" with a dollop of "The Caine Mutiny" and an underlying theme of fathers and sons.
fresh	A contemporary submarine thriller that serves the genre well.
rotten	As the perils mount, a certain momentum takes hold, though never quite enough to justify taking up two hours' space in your life.
fresh	In the end, "Black Sea" is a taut warning about the evil allure of greed. It also makes clear why vacationing on submarines has never caught on.
fresh	"Black Sea" is no mere exploitation movie. It elevates itself by showing how the men aboard the sub are themselves changed by the lure of riches.
fresh	Kelly's screenplay continually adjusts the stakes, but the changes are the result of decisions made by the characters.
fresh	The fundamentals of the story and that irresistibly cramped and isolated setting keep the tension level high.
fresh	While "Black Sea" is predictable, especially with the almost expected treachery from one "bad apple" in the crew, the movie's tension is palpable, particularly with its extended climax.
fresh	While the film doesn't cut nearly as deep as [the director's] The Last King of Scotland, it's nevertheless a suspenseful, taut thriller with political undertones that delivers on its low-key promises.
rotten	You walk away from the film with the niggling sense that the story never quite holds your attention the way it should.
fresh	Scottish director Kevin Macdonald, who's best known for the Oscar-winning The Last King of Scotland, knows how to build tension, and his talents are on full display in Black Sea.
fresh	A sturdy little adventure, even when it goes enjoyably off-kilter in its last half-hour.
fresh	Screenwriter Dennis Kelly infuses all this with a heavy dose of proletarian rage, and Law exudes enough charisma in the lead role to supply the movie with one marginally likable character.
rotten	We don't truly know this skipper, so when crew members accuse him of letting gold fever compromise his sanity, we have no way to tell if they're right.
fresh	There's an immediacy to a submarine movie like nothing else.
fresh	Flawed, but when it clicks together, it does so superbly, giving classic cinema conventions a successful modern spin.
fresh	Handled artfully by Macdonald, whose earlier work includes "The Last King of Scotland," Dennis Kelly's script pulls bits and pieces from "The Treasure of the Sierra Madre," "The Wages of Fear" and its remake, "Sorcerer."
fresh	The Cold War flavor gives Black Sea the feel of something that might have been made three decades ago.
fresh	An old-fashioned sort of submarine suspenser [that's] a mostly enjoyable throwback to macho melodramas of an earlier age.
fresh	The film's patina of richly textured grime lends the film a gloomy, claustrophobic beauty that serves its mood, as well as its satisfyingly misanthropic message ...
fresh	Dive in.
fresh	Some of the particulars don't add up, so much so that you do notice them even as the action plows forward. But it's still a thrilling ride.
fresh	Black Sea doesn't delve too far below the surface, but it is claustrophobic, compelling and suspenseful.
fresh	A lean, mean old school sub thriller that could bring these movies back to the surface.
fresh	When it sticks to the increasingly chaotic undersea action, Black Sea is efficient and gripping.
fresh	"Black Sea" is a good movie; Law turns in a great performance, and one walks away feeling that the characters and the scenery here are all convincing.
fresh	Walking out of the theater, you might well get the bends.
fresh	An adept, muscular entertainment that never for one moment lacks for dramatic clout.
fresh	It might not be the most original submarine movie you've ever seen, but don't be surprised if it ranks among the better ones.
fresh	The limits of incredulity are stretched thin, and in the end, though Black Sea is at times an admirable, even memorable film, it could have used a lot more of the sad realism with which it opened.
fresh	Worker rage and rebel impulses collide in this tense political thriller, as economic crisis cinema sails into 2015. Placing the fury of the jobless front and center, and international class connections crossing cultural lines.
fresh	Overloaded with narrative cargo, but often fun, if mostly just kinda.
fresh	Despite the fact that it's too long and has a submarine big enough to play basketball in, it still creates a sufficient amount of tension along with a plot twist that make it entertaining. Frankly, though, the plot twist made little sense to me.
fresh	Jude Law makes for an effective rogue submarine captain in "Black Sea," a fittingly immersive thriller, tautly directed by Kevin MacDonald.
rotten	The story loses credibility as it goes along, as the body count escalates, and Robinson's solutions to life-and-death crises grow increasingly far-fetched. Well before it ends preposterously, "Black Sea" has taken leave of its senses.
fresh	A tense, old-fashioned thriller.
fresh	What makes the old tropes new enough to be frequently exciting ... is Mr. Law's portrayal of a desperate man renewing his lease on life, come what may.
fresh	Though the characters are at odds, the cast operates in perfect unison.
rotten	Law isn't bad, but ultimately, in a situation like this, he's just too decent.
fresh	It's also an angry class drama; a portrait of international clashing; and it's set aboard not just a submarine but a grimy, clanky, geriatric submarine, which looks ready to rust as soon as it submerges.
fresh	Fans of previous submarine thrillers should appreciate the tense nail-biter that Macdonald has created.
fresh	Peanut butter and chocolate. Fish and chips. The heist movie and the submarine picture. These things go together so perfectly that it's a wonder they were ever apart.
fresh	It's in the second hour that this boat really gets rocking: Macdonald has torpedoes of conflict firing in every direction.
fresh	Black Sea loosely rejiggers history to allow for a fantastic-sounding story-and treasure-to be pursued in a tightly wound twist on the common heist film.
fresh	Director Kevin Macdonald uses the Das Boot-like claustrophobia for maximum tension, then deadens the thrills with flashbacks. Ah, jeez.
fresh	Basically another tough genre workout that is all too familiar, with enough tension and violence to keep an audience alert if not riveted.
rotten	Black Sea is so almost-terrific that it's ultimately more disappointing than a movie that's merely badly or carelessly made.
fresh	It may be a tad predictable, with a bit of a slow start, yet it is a worthy effort from the director giving the modern heist movie a bit of a twist.
fresh	The kind of movie that makes you hold your breath when things get tense. How long can you hold yours?
rotten	Shallow, swamped by cliches
rotten	A semi-waterlogged confluence of the submarine and heist sub-genres which seeks to evoke a testosterone-soaked, 1970s feel.
fresh	Really, though, everything else about Black Sea is in service to several big suspense setpieces, and here, the film cuts loose, concocting marvelous scenarios for enormous stress.
fresh	A parabolic film about a middle-aged man who decides to fight back after being reduced to being a nobody.
fresh	Even with its modes in patchwork style, Black Sea generally holds your attention for most of its nearly two hours.
fresh	Black Sea presents a unique twist on heist movies, and while the human drama may feel a bit clunky, the sum of all parts moves nicely from start to finish.
fresh	Gripping, smart and genuinely thrilling, Black Sea elevates itself above most other thrillers by how wisely and well it brings you down to the depths alongside its crew.
fresh	As much as the film is primarily a genre workout for director Kevin Macdonald, the script makes room for a tough-minded, psychologically corrosive depiction of vengeance.
rotten	The chilling and tense ambiance is not enough to save this feature from its generic tendencies.
rotten	Whether as an adventure tale, a thriller, or a morality play, "Black Sea" never quite makes a compelling enough case for its existence.
fresh	Black Sea may not be a groundbreaking drama, but it's an effective genre thriller that grapples with real world issues and offers another interesting challenge for Law - accent and all.
fresh	Director Kevin Macdonald creates some great scenes of subaquatic tension, but Law's Aberdonian accent makes Groundskeeper Willie sound authentic.
fresh	There's more than a hint of The Treasure of the Sierra Madre about this Dennis Kelly-scripted thriller, which does a grippingly efficient job of trapping its audience amid the pumping pistons and clanging pipes of its inhospitable setting.
fresh	No serious fan of below the waterline thrills should miss this boat.
fresh	After the criminally underappreciated How I Live Now, Kevin Macdonald kicks back with a terrific submarine thriller marinated in Eau de MacLean.
fresh	Law does a great job as the resourceful and relentless Robinson.
rotten	When the most convincing thing about a film is Jude Law's Scottish accent, you can be sure it has problems.
rotten	Despite rugged craft and a seaworthy ensemble, Kevin Macdonald's low-key submarine thriller never quite sparks to life.
fresh	An underwater heist of Nazi loot? Awesome. Submarine movies don't get much better than this intensely suspenseful popcorn adventure.
fresh	Black Sea is well-crafted and handled with reliable professionalism by its Oscar-winning director Kevin Macdonald, even if it does ultimately tend towards the predictable.
fresh	There's also a neatly cruel twist, midway through, plus a general drive to undercut band-of-brothers cliches. The Russians - initially cast as primitives - develop in interesting ways. The same goes for Law's character.
fresh	While this submarine adventure starts out as a brainy thriller with superior production design, it eventually gives in to the demands of the genre: silly plotting and corny melodrama.
fresh	The director Kevin Macdonald does a very good job in capturing the claustrophobia and fear that a submarine crew feel as a mission goes wrong.
fresh	Take 12 men. Fill their heads with tales of lost Nazi bullion. Seal them in a rusting, secondhand Russian submarine. Submerge beneath the Black Sea. Allow contents to come to a nice, rolling boil.
fresh	The way enmities quickly escalate is a little bit of a stretch, but otherwise this is a smartly handled, old-school adventure, as Law's beleaguered captain struggles to keep control both of his men and his wayward, leaking vessel.
fresh	Looking for comfort food in a movie season stuffed with supposed gourmet fare? Sometimes a good old-fashioned sub will do nicely.
fresh	Ticking all the boxes required of the genre, it's well up to movie sub standards.
fresh	Though it perhaps inevitably lives in the shadow of some subgenre masterpieces, Black Sea is a superbly shot men-on-a-mission thriller with chest-tightening tension and a striking contemporary resonance.
fresh	This old-school, undersea chiller starring Jude Law offers a sophisticated and moving study into the evils of greed.
rotten	A confused mishmash about greed, madness, violence and sentimental redemption.
rotten	The disappointment of Dennis Kelly's script, and also Kevin Macdonald's direction, is how arbitrarily the onboard drama develops.
fresh	Here's a submarine thriller that delivers on tension but doesn't get too deep.
fresh	Law nails the Aberdeen accent and makes for a commanding presence as he tries to keep his bickering men focused on the mission at hand.
fresh	Old-fashioned storytelling values and zeitgeisty relevance make for a worthy addition to sub-aquatic cinema's nerve-juddering legacy.
fresh	It's well shot, tense and solidly entertaining. But watertight it definitely isn't.
fresh	Though a contemporary story, it plays out like an old-fashioned dramatic-thriller, and while lacking standout action sequences it sustains itself thanks to atmosphere and performances rather than special effects and grandstanding sequences.
fresh	"The length allows Ceylan to really sink into the characters and their complicated motives; at times, watching "Winter Sleep" is like reading a novel."
fresh	The actual narrative may sometimes trudge along like a traveler braving a blizzard without snowshoes, but Ceylan makes the smallest of moments feel like apocalyptic harbingers.
fresh	The easy gag about the 196-minute "Winter Sleep" is that it's so good it makes 3&#8202; 1/2 hours feel like two, but that's no joke.
fresh	These scenes are talky, yes, but what talk!
fresh	"Winter" feels very much like an epic novel, mirroring the pacing and themes of Chekov, whose work was its inspiration.
fresh	When we see the consequences of a broken window, a long-harbored resentment, or a mild criticism, Winter Sleep engages with a captivating pathos.
fresh	In many ways, Ceylan turns Aydin's hotel into a model ant colony where we can watch pockets of activity in isolation, and with its earthen cavities and clay cubbyholes, it's an image that fits, right down to the struggle for power.
fresh	Bold filmmaking and screenwriting, with at least two absolutely terrific performances rising out of a top-level ensemble.
fresh	It demands patience and attentiveness, but...reveals a great deal about the reality of the human condition through its probing characterization and pungent dialogue.
fresh	Ceylan's previous film, "Once Upon a Time in Anatolia," may still be his best, but "Winter Sleep" is clearly the work of a master at the top of his game.
fresh	Think of it as dramatic slow-cooking where the ingredients take their time to come together.
fresh	Ceylan spins gold in thought and image, set to the mournful strains of Schubert's Piano Sonata No. 20, with this impeccably acted morality tale of a wealthy man who sins by omission.
fresh	Winter Sleep is captivating as a study of the character's mindset...
fresh	Probably the finest (and paradoxically, least faithful) Chekhov adaptation on film.
fresh	The visually compelling film builds to some final-act twists that are worth the wait.
fresh	Ceylan's usual cinematographer, Gokhan Tiryaki, fixes on landscape in interiors as well as exteriors: he and Ceylan are patient poets of the human face.
fresh	Winter Sleep crackles like a hearth fire-it's a slow but incandescent burn.
rotten	Ceylan paces this thin dramatic sketch as if it were a Wagner opera, with ponderous pauses and fraught gazes yearning toward depths that the movie doesn't reach.
fresh	Sprawling, thought-provoking, lengthy, intense, frustrating and stunning. No, Winter Sleep isn't quite Once Upon a Time in Anatolia, but it's still Nuri Bilge Ceylan's Palme D'Or-winning latest.
fresh	Intimate, spectacular and masterful ...
rotten	A lyrical, excessively talky, initially fascinating drama that lacks nuance and complexity, and eventually overstays its welcome.
fresh	This movie struck me as both Ceylan's plainest, and perhaps his finest.
rotten	Despite Mr. Bilginer's dug-in performance and the haunting grandeur of Aydin's world, this is finally a character too small to see.
fresh	My favorite movie of 2014 is three hours long, and it's about Turkish people who live in caves.
fresh	Has the feel of a minor novel from a great author that's still the size of a doorstop - a quasi-hubristic work of excess that nonetheless contains a myriad of riches.
fresh	Bilginer gives a truly towering performance as Aydin-arguably the year's best, across all categories.
fresh	Beautiful to look at, with its burnished interiors and magnificent Turkish steppes, this long film builds to a powerful conclusion.
fresh	"Winter Sleep" won't appeal to action lovers, but if you like endless verbal warfare, this is a joy.
fresh	It's an epic tragedy about life in the Ivory Tower and the inability to understand-much less empathize with-other human beings.
fresh	In a career trajectory that has continually taken him in the direction of more expansive, audacious cinema, this is the filmmaker's most daring and aesthetically ambitious project yet.
rotten	[Haluk] Bilginer's [performance] alternates between brooding melancholy and sharp-tongued contemptuousness, failing to reach the tragic dimensions which the writers intended.
fresh	This patient, beautiful, painful, engrossing film pits husband and wife against each other and their world in a series of extended conversations/confrontations.
fresh	Nuri Bilge Ceylan again exhibits his gift for making interesting stories out of predetermined plots, locating small eddies of change in the midst of eternally fixed dynamics.
fresh	A work that rivals great literary masterpieces of years past, especially Chekhov's plays but with the added visual dimension of someone who has a painterly eye. Superlative filmmaking.
fresh	Winter Sleep is without doubt a formidably achieved, intellectually substantial drama that deals variously with questions of conscience, responsibility and self-deception.
fresh	Winter Sleep has interior views (of Aydin's library, for example) that are so rich in detail that your eye lingers happily no matter how long the shot is held, and exterior views that unfold like a Chinese scroll, and watchful close-ups.
rotten	While it is no hardship to gaze upon Gokhan Tiryaki's ravishing images of the landscape as its autumnal glow vanishes under an icy crust, there's not much to keep the intellect thrumming over the course of 196 minutes.
fresh	Winter Sleep is an engrossing work, a finely observed portrait of collapsing social contracts, public and private.
fresh	Winter Sleep demands patience, but if you last the course, you will soon understand why it so enraptured the Cannes jury.
fresh	An exquisitely photographed work of serious philosophical heft which tackles some knotty issues: the divide between the intellectual and working classes, older men and younger women, and believers and non-believers.
fresh	Talky it may be, but the acting is sublime, with director Nuri Bilge Ceylan able to contrast staggering, almost alien landscapes with scenes as intimate as anything on the West End stage.
fresh	Rich, beautiful, indulgent, frustrating.
fresh	An intimate epic, Winter Sleep is right up there with the Turkish director's best.
fresh	Again it's glorious; again it's talky; again its insights sear; again its length is remorseless. Again it's the best thing to be seen in any city or country where it's showing.
fresh	It will test your concentration, resolve and butt cheeks to the limit but Winter Sleep will reward your staying power: a perfectly played, beautiful-looking, exquisitely nuanced picture.
fresh	A huge, sombre and compelling tragicomedy set in Turkey's vast Anatolian steppe; it moves at the pace of a north Atlantic convoy.
fresh	Ceylon, working with cinematographer Gokhan Tiryaki, shoots long, delicate, intricate dialogue scenes in a way that makes them mini action movies of the mind. A subtle dolly here, a subtle pan there - it's incredibly precise formalism, and it's beautiful.
fresh	Unfolding as a deep, empathetic series of conversations, it's an absorbing interplay of coldness and warmth both in its morality and in the stunning snowy landscapes and log-fire interiors of its settings.
fresh	The esoteric world of masterful Turkish filmmaker Nuri Bilge Ceylan proves as vibrant and uneasy as ever in Winter Sleep, a Chekhovian meditation on a marriage that returns to the mood of the director's early films like Climates and Clouds of May.
fresh	Sprawling, multi-layered, [and] richly rewarding.
fresh	Winter Sleep offers some of the complexity and grandeur of a Russian novel, and a dramatic intensity that very few films ever attempt.
fresh	Nuri Bilge Ceylan is at the peak of his powers with Winter Sleep, a richly engrossing and ravishingly beautiful magnum opus that surely qualifies as the least boring 196-minute movie ever made.
fresh	As a former photographer, Ceylan also offers textured, snow-capped imagery to accompany his precise, perceptive probing of interior truths and external lies.
fresh	There are more of these emblematic moments. Ceylan has an eye for them. He also knows just when and how to use them.
fresh	This is an extraordinary film, both extra in content and length and yet ordinary in the sense that filmmaker Nuri Bilge Ceylan observes the 'ordinary' daily interactions
fresh	The film is certainly long, but it is worth the trip, the trip along the symbolic road to hell, that is often paved with good intentions
fresh	...a series of lengthy, revealing conversations, during which firelight flickers among the cave-like walls casting accusatory shadows across faces.
fresh	Never short of enthralling.
fresh	Winter Sleep is stitched together with so much wit and self-aware theatricality, it's abundantly clear how Ceylan really feels about the injured egos of the remotely rich.
rotten	Ceylan has made far humbler films than Winter Sleep that nonetheless suggest so much more about humanity and community.
fresh	By the close, we feel as if, rather than peering into Aydin's brain, we have been coiled up and inserted into his cortex.
fresh	A beautiful, bold, intently serious film about a failing marriage in a mountaintop hotel on the Anatolian steppe: think The Shining as retold by Chekhov, without the axe and spooks.
rotten	The obvious analogue here would be Bergman's Scenes from a Marriage; the key difference lies in Winter Sleep's absolute refusal to let anything be at emotional stake.
fresh	This is not an easy film, but it is lyrical and full of beauty and sometimes unpalatable truths.
fresh	Nuri Bilge Ceylan continues to dig with acute intelligence into the dark corners of everyday human behaviour
fresh	If you can stay awake, you'll be struck by the nuanced performances, the depth of the characterisation, the intensity of the moral questions and the drips of black humour.
rotten	...Ceylan's film is a monologue and a relentless one, leaving no room for us to interpret or engage with the material he presents.
fresh	This is a powerful and effective documentary that exposes facts about the nature of war that the military establishment would rather keep secret. It serves as a reminder about the high levels of corruption in the military.
fresh	Its extraordinary story can hardly help but involve and outrage.
fresh	All is not fair in love and war, but the battlefield can be a place where the lines begin to blur.
fresh	Explosive and depressing.
fresh	Krauss's documentary is both solid and scathing, raising more questions that it answers.
fresh	Is the story of The Kill Team singular? That's the unspoken question that hangs over this award-winning documentary, another artifact from the "war on terror."
fresh	While "The Kill Team" is well worth watching, the jury's out.
fresh	Krauss is too responsible to do anything flashy with this material. He tells the story directly and in depth.
fresh	It's a beautiful way to lose faith in humanity.
fresh	A documentary that leans heavily on a viewer's innate interest in tangled philosophical questions of guilt and corrupted innocence.
fresh	[Krauss] delivers extraordinary material and presents a story meriting attention. He captures how regular people, when existing among vile mindsets, can, themselves, start thinking malignantly.
fresh	Even as Montalvo aptly draws attention to the people who are dead, to the consequences of the soldiers' decisions, the film also points to a wider framework.
fresh	It all adds up to a harrowing picture of the casualties of war - and the unchecked madness that may drive those entrusted to defend us.
fresh	Daniel Kraus' absorbing documentary The Kill Team demonstrates how badly trying to do the right thing can backfire.
fresh	A military platoon bent on murdering Afghan civilians for pleasure is the target of this chillingly frank documentary.
fresh	It's a terrible, inexcusable mark on our contemporary military history, and Krauss's documentary does nothing to dull the horror surrounding the incidents.
fresh	The scope of the film can be frustratingly narrow. But even this limited view into the events of the Maywand District murders is gripping cinema.
rotten	Over and over, Winfield's distraught parents ask, rhetorically, what choice their son had. Thing is, the answer is right in the film ...
fresh	The movie's haunting power stems from a paradox at the heart of its narrative.
fresh	Reminiscent of the struggle between the Charlie Sheen and Tom Berenger characters in "Platoon" but even more powerful since it shuns sensationalism and sticks to the brutal story of how the American military became a death squad.
fresh	A terrifying example of how easily basic human decency and morality can melt away in the fog of war.
fresh	Engrossing. . .stunningly tragic. . with difficult moral decisions of peer pressure and whistleblowing . . .Wrenching film dramatically personalizes "just following orders".
fresh	It offers a deep, troubling probe into a military culture that both incubates horrifically criminal acts against innocents and throws innumerable obstacles in the paths of soldiers who would thwart or report those outrages.
rotten	Looks at the murders and their aftermath through a frustratingly narrow lens.
rotten	Strong subject marred by poor narrative choices.
fresh	The setting is Afghanistan, but it might be Iraq or Vietnam or anywhere with occupying forces. It might be Gaza. This map of hell is timeless, placeless.
fresh	The Kill Team tells a compelling story, but the 79-minute runtime leaves that story feeling incomplete.
fresh	Finds drama in evenhanded storytelling that is the inverse of its characters' emotional shakiness.
rotten	The film is weak on its essential indictment, vaguely suggesting a mood of battlefield boredom without quite pinpointing the pathology that would lead military men to squeeze the trigger pell-mell.
fresh	During some of these interviews and accompanying footage, The Kill Team seems almost like an autopsy, necessary but sickening to behold.
fresh	It's hard to watch, but important to witness.
fresh	The mesmerizing documentary about a group of U.S. soldiers killing Afghan citizens for kicks, circa 2010, has the kind of urgent intimacy that characterizes the best such non-fiction films.
fresh	Our ideas about war need to be cracked open, and The Kill Team does exactly that.
fresh	A blood-boiling documentary whose constrained viewpoint on its subject -- U.S. soldiers' sport-killing of Afghan civilians in 2010, and the prosecutions that followed -- doesn't prevent it from moving viewers to the point of despair.
fresh	This chilling war-is-hell expose [is] must-see viewing.
fresh	This is a rare War on Terror military expose, one almost exclusively interested in the hearts and minds of low-ranking soldiers.
fresh	[A] gripping documentary.
fresh	The Kill Team makes us face the scary truth about the bloodbaths in Iraq and Afghanistan: The only thing that differentiates the Kill Team from many other infantry units is the simple fact that they were caught.
fresh	"The Kill Team" is emotionally heavy; as you watch, you feel conflicted about Winfield's role and about your own perception of right and wrong.
fresh	Dan Krauss finds a new angle on the nightmarish story.
fresh	A nice little movie that you might well enjoy, if only you'll give it a chance.
fresh	Writer-director Sean Mullin's first feature is genuine and human.
fresh	Charming performances by the well-cast leads, Martin Starr and Dina Shihabi, compensate for a clunky, contrived, sitcom-ish screenplay.
rotten	When the eponymous couple is together, 'Amira & Sam' is an earnest and considerate examination of two people falling in love, but the movie lacks certainty when handling these characters separately.
fresh	This modestly affecting romance doesn't exactly break any new ground, but its character-based approach allows it to sidestep some of the usual cliches.
fresh	A delightfully engaging, convention-busting slice of of-the-moment America that is far from the typical culture-clash romantic dramedy.
rotten	The film soon grows predictable and rather soft, with one too many tiresome, elegiac evocations of 9/11 and its devastating aftermath.
fresh	A rather sweet love story following two characters who have seen war alter their perspective on the world.
fresh	The script is thoughtful, but its anger is diffuse, with laissez-faire capitalism and the problems of illegal immigrants and returning soldiers jostling for attention.
fresh	Chief among its pluses is the low-key warmth of leads Martin Starr and Dina Shihabi.
rotten	"Amira & Sam" is all over the map in terms of tone. But it does score a few points as an unusual tale about the casualties of war.
rotten	Martin Starr and Dina Shihabi build a wonderful chemistry between their characters, but a heartwarming nature is struck down by an unbalanced script that struggles to speak volumes about the unfortunate state of American social norms.
rotten	A stilted romance, an attempt at diversity and honesty that ends up phony and conventional.
fresh	Ingratiatingly charming, playful, and, above all, honest in its depiction of a budding albeit problematic romance between a recently returned army veteran and a thoroughly modern young Iraqi woman.
fresh	Amira & Sam is a sweet little movie that seeks to subvert our expectations of romantic comedies in various ways.
rotten	This indie drama is unconvincing as a love story and heavy-handed in its message of tolerance.
fresh	War films tend to take on varied guises, and the cinema spawned from our Middle Eastern engagements is no exception, yet Amira & Sam is itself altogether exceptional.
fresh	It gets by on low-level sweetness and guile until delivering an unexpectedly powerful emotional sucker-punch at the end.
rotten	A love story whose likable stars can't compensate for a story that tediously adheres to formula.
fresh	Amira and Sam is both a wonderful story of comfortable love and of the consequences that arise when a community can't accept a particular kind of normalcy.
fresh	Under writer-director Sean Mullin, everything clicks.
fresh	A movie that handles race, class and militarism with a light touch, Sean Mullin's Sam & Amira is at bottom a romance whose protagonists don't quite fit in the worlds that raised them.
fresh	Starr and Shihabi, a charming newcomer, play off each other beautifully, and even when the film becomes a little too heavy-handed, their relationship keeps it grounded.
fresh	Abrupt and somewhat predictable, but the stars win us over and make us believe in this unlikely love affair
fresh	Calling a movie a "solid rental" generally carries a derisive tinge, but it's honestly meant here in the best sense.
fresh	Writer-director Sean Mullin gives us some of the usual beats, but he and his performers invest them with rare persuasive power ...
fresh	Army vet turned filmmaker Mullin directs this Romeo and Juliet cross-cultural post-Iraq undocumented romance touching on his own daily round trip journey from Ground Zero by day to standup by night. And, a rarely seen spotlight on Arab women in movies.
fresh	Eventually all the movie has is the talent and chemistry of the three actors; fortunately, that's enough to keep it afloat.
fresh	All three actors turn in solid, committed performances despite physically limiting surroundings, even as you're left with the inescapable feeling that this raft has sailed.
fresh	Tremendously inspirational. It's more thrilling and engrossing than Life of Pi.
fresh	Director Brian Falk, who co-wrote the script with Mark David Keegan, worked well with cinematographer Petr Cikhart to keep the story visually interesting, despite the limitations placed on the tale by the monotonous setting.
rotten	A groaningly tedious survival story that will at least leave you with a renewed commitment to wearing sunscreen.
fresh	A good old-fashioned story of American wartime heroism that's ironically less jingoistic than the major-studio release American Sniper.
rotten	Overly familiar, but still slightly more moving than "Unbroken," which covers some of the same nautical territory.
rotten	Against The Sun goes with the path of least resistance: a talkfest where the men reiterate every obstacle they face out loud.
rotten	Aside from a brief and uncritical preface by Columbia University professor Gayatri Chakravorty Spivak, there's no attempt to contextualize Fanon's book.
fresh	With not nearly enough signposts along the way to indicate where we are, either in time or place, it's an intimidating argument to follow, despite Olsson's rigidly organized structure.
fresh	There are extraordinary images on display here. But it's difficult to understand why this film has emerged now.
fresh	Olsson's The Wretched Of The Earth excerpts are well-chosen, and several of the vintage interviews from Swedish TV are jaw-droppingly on-point.
fresh	In many cases, Fanon's astringent words seem as relevant today as ever.
rotten	On both levels of the film, the archival and the textual, there's much that's fascinating and worthwhile. What's regrettable is the refusal to contextualize and explore the ongoing ramifications of what we see and hear.
rotten	The energy here feels more like that of a lecture than of a film; it's an analytical tonic that's potent to the point of bitter.
fresh	Its exploration of an entrenched system that breeds generations of oppression and violence is extremely upsetting yet still highly rewarding.
fresh	Goran Hugo Olsson's profound essay doc aspires to upset in the truest sense.
fresh	Here is a film that isn't afraid to risk didacticism in order to put across its vision of the debilitating physical and psychological effects of colonialism.
fresh	It's a confrontational, direct and challenging piece of film-making; an illustrated lecture that muses on the legacy of European colonial rule in Africa and elsewhere and poses questions about cycles of power abuse and neo-colonialism.
fresh	Through it all, the changing nature of violence (destructive, cleansing, inevitable) is unravelled in illuminating, harrowing form.
fresh	A powerful and provoking take on a violent and volatile era.
fresh	The footage speaks for itself. I wish it had been allowed to.
fresh	A timely and powerful exploration into the history of uprising in Africa as seen through the eyes of white liberals.
fresh	Some of the most disconcerting imagery involves the casual racism of white Africans in British outposts like Rhodesia, where the inferiority of the black majority was taken as read.
fresh	The film is a bleak but real portrait of an era, though it has nothing to say about what these nations are thinking and feeling right now.
fresh	Provides a raw reminder of how greedy capitalist culture has exploited a continent and its people, but it is also a passionate, proud and deeply affecting educational tool which puts forward a plan of action by tracing a passage through the past.
fresh	Armed with a legitimacy as startling as its content, it is a superbly executed document of a pivotal, inevitable era in 20th-century history.
fresh	While the linear presentation of the film lacks the rigorous artistry of the films of, say, Yervant Gianikian and Angela Ricci Lucchi, it does attempt to realise an entire history through only a handful of shots.
fresh	Olsson may be producing the most interesting compilation docs since Esfir Shub.
fresh	A poetic, thought-provoking visual essay.
fresh	Concerning Violence suggests that the lesson has yet to be learned, and it's only a matter a time until history repeats itself again, and action is taken.
fresh	A pulsing, echoing trumpet blast-repeated throughout-and some in-your-face political carnage identify Concerning Violence for what it is: a prickly, passionate call to arms.
fresh	Makes for compulsive and at times disturbing viewing as it tackles colonial rule head on, benefiting from singer Lauryn Hill's striking narration ... taken from psychologist/philosopher Frantz Fanon's anticolonial text, The Wretched Of The Earth.
fresh	A tough and cerebral but finally illuminating documentary about the decolonization of Africa.
fresh	Thrillingly raw and ghoulish, making the most out of minimal cinematic ingredients with rare emphasis on pure human explosion.
rotten	The film is visually bland, with only a couple of bookending outdoor sequences around a handful of interior sets.
rotten	It smoulders and smokes and generates some heat but it never really bursts into flame.
fresh	Anyone interested in spellbinding performances, however, should see Miss Julie.
fresh	A compelling clash of upstairs/downstairs class values, this is one of the rare examples of filmed theatre that is able to move well beyond the usual static frontiers of that genre.
rotten	Strong performances, but play adaptation is too talky.
fresh	Morton, one of the least artificial actresses in the world, charts her character's heartbreak without any of the self-pity normally assigned to ordinary women.
fresh	What Ullmann's done is create the ideal conditions for these three to do electrifying work with each other. She maintains control so they can lose it.
fresh	Well-acted, if austere and overlong
fresh	The film's themes - sexual power, class struggle, money, gender, - are as relevant as ever.
rotten	The problem is that as played by Chastain and Farrell (or perhaps as directed by Ullmann), the sexual tension comes off as intellectualized, not actual.
rotten	Claustrophobic, basically unexciting and heavy-handed.
fresh	"Miss Julie" is a rather strange experience, with its consistently static medium shots of the three actors, as they roar their lines at one another. But it has an undeniable power.
rotten	The heat that should saturate the film as betrayals mount and boundaries are broken flickers and dies many times over "Miss Julie's" languid two-plus hours.
rotten	...long, actionless, and slow...annoying and inscrutable...There were a couple of things good about it, however. Samantha Morton gives a fine performance...and the cinematography of late 19th Century Ireland is rewarding.
rotten	It's a handsomely mounted, intentionally claustrophobic film; too claustrophobic over the long haul, with relentless close-ups that constrict the galvanic emotions on display.
rotten	"Miss Julie" is a strangely clinical movie experience. It's a story that makes an impression without leaving a mark.
fresh	An austere, pared-down take that does one thing extremely well: It allows actors Jessica Chastain, Samantha Morton and especially Colin Farrell to shine.
fresh	Chastain has never gone this loose cannon before, and you can sense a private thrill at not caring how precise she is, at going wild and getting close to embarrassing herself.
rotten	"Their subordinate ranks as a woman and a lowborn servant, respectively, should inspire sympathy, but their self pity is so thorough and one-note that their distress is no more compelling or resonant than a pair of dogs noisily licking their wounds."
rotten	Ullmann's way is the wrong way to do "Miss Julie," but this is the best version of this wrong way you're ever likely to find.
fresh	Much more convincing than Mike Figgis's 1999 screen adaptation, starring Saffron Burrows, it is a grueling slog through a hell of torment, cruelty and suffering.
fresh	The film is no tearjerker, but it makes the stage play's hidebound, soul-baring pleasures mesmerizing on screen, and without copping to reductivism.
fresh	Chastain, who seems incapable of a bad performance, brings an Ophelia-like vulnerability to Miss Julie, the lonely and depressed daughter of a count.
rotten	Strenuously acted dramas make for strenuous viewing, and Liv Ullmann's rigorous adaptation of Strindberg's Miss Julie, which uproots the action to 19th-century Ireland, is no exception.
rotten	While Farrell, Chastain, and Morton flex their theatrical muscles in entertaining ways, a 129 minute runtime proves to be bloated, exhausting, and unnecessarily drawn out.
fresh	Chastain's electrifying performance places among the great female dramatic turns in a literary tragedy, from Nina Pens Rode in 'Gertrud' to Nastassja Kinski in 'Tess' and Isabelle Huppert in 'Madame Bovary.'
rotten	All the tremendous claustrophobic intensity of the original is scattered to the winds. And that will not go unnoticed by theatre lovers, who should be the immediate audience of such a film.
fresh	Ullmann's version of "Miss Julie" exists in a special cinematic category; it's toxic, it's hypnotic, and passionately translates Strindberg's genius instinct for enlightening the multi-layered psychological spectrums of human desire for lust and power.
rotten	A ponderous, stately affair that lacks relevance and only acquires intermittent power.
rotten	Liv Ullmann's worshipful but static adaptation of the classic Strindberg play fails to work as a film, despite impressive perfs.
rotten	While fans can appreciate all the winks and nudges, the film is a wreck for the uninitiated.
rotten	Serial spoofers Jason Friedberg and Aaron Seltzer fall flat with a low-octane satire of the 'Fast and Furious' franchise.
rotten	It seems unlikely that "Fast and the Furious" admirers will find anything humorous about "Superfast," especially considering how Diesel and Co. have already beaten Friedberg and Seltzer to the punch with it comes to self-parody.
rotten	The Pyramid isn't outright terrible, but it is hopelessly and hilariously confused.
fresh	Sue me, I give it a mild "fresh." Call me a sucker for found footage, Egyptian mythology, overripe dialogue, and mutant cats.
rotten	This late-game, tossed-away Fox offering is the very definition of a bargain bin release.
rotten	Where The Pyramid falls short most spectacularly, in its distinct inability to scare the viewer.
rotten	Feels lazy and dashed off, as if getting it into theaters was more important than actually crafting any suspense or creating believable characters.
rotten	The real pyramids have been remembered for millennia. This one will be lucky if it lasts a week.
rotten	Maybe you've seen the trailers, or television ads, which make 'The Pyramid' look a run-of-the-mill horror movie. There is truth in advertising.
rotten	The Pyramid puts ketchup on its hot dog (it's that bad).
rotten	Ah, found footage: my old nemesis. We meet again.
rotten	Director Gregory Levasseur never gets to grip with the shifting sand plots as we are led down one dead-end sequence after another. And, it's not just the stranded scientists who are desperate for daylight, I too was left running for the exit.
rotten	Like so many filmmakers before him, Levasseur doesn't seem to grasp that in the horror genre, less can be more.
rotten	The Pyramid plods through its conventional generic tropes in increasingly aggravating fashion, any tension dissipating in the face of unscary cats and rubbery monsters.
rotten	If you're looking for cheap scares and have 90 minutes to kill, you could do worse than The Pyramid. But not a lot worse.
rotten	The air inside the pyramid isn't the only thing that's stale in this ludicrous yet mildly likable horror film.
rotten	Awards season is once more upon us and so, without further ado, we'd like to present The Pyramid's crummy CGI Anubis -- the Jackal-headed god thingy -- with a special gong for Worst Movie Monster.
rotten	A stinker in every sense.
rotten	"The Pyramid," despite an unpretentious matinee vibe, is mostly interesting in seeing how little light can be on screen before a bare minimum of suspense and coherence dissipates. There is, truly, not much to see in this movie.
rotten	It's hard to know what's worse, the under-lit "found footage" from the documentary team or the wretched dialogue.
rotten	Plays like a cross between "The Blair Witch Project" and the Steve Martin ditty "King Tut," only lacking the cinematic grace of the former and the raw terror of the latter.
rotten	Some things were never meant to be uncovered. Some movies, too.
rotten	"The Pyramid" is cursed. Only, instead of an ancient evil, it's just plagued by inept filmmaking.
rotten	By the end of The Pyramid, found footage becomes just another possession to be buried alongside long-dead Pharaohs for use in the next life.
rotten	Levasseur stops to linger on banal disaster, making The Pyramid not only idiotic, but a cruel test of patience.
rotten	These B-movie touches aren't especially scary, and the characters are too paralyzed with fear to have much fun with the silliness.
fresh	The Pyramid overcomes thin writing and an inconsistent found-footage format to deliver a horror movie experience that actually fulfills its promises.
rotten	This enjoyable-despite-itself horror flick has precisely nothing new to offer - with the arguable exception of a monster in a miniskirt, which may be a first.
rotten	A silly, schlocky, mummy's-tomb horror-comedy.
rotten	The ancient curse of Tutankhamun is merely a dusty irritant compared with this tale of supernatural bloodletting beneath the shifting sands of the Egyptian desert.
rotten	"We need to find an exit right now," someone shouts early on. Audiences may well find themselves sharing the sentiment.
rotten	Levasseur understands the claustrophobia of being locked inside a stuffy pyramid with collapsing floors and sand traps. Unfortunately for him, Indiana Jones turns out to be incompatible with Alien, and the bad acting and atrocious script don't help.
fresh	Levasseur plants and executes the pic's exclamation-point scares with grinning, squelching gusto. It matters little that most of the jolts have been lifted from previous movies ...
rotten	Gregory Levasseur takes on directorial duties for the first time and though he ramps up tension at the final hurdle, for the most part this effort is hampered by a rote script from Daniel Meersand and Nick Simon.
rotten	The few scares are rote jumps copied from a dozen other films, with one moment that echoes both Alien and Deep Blue Sea.
rotten	
fresh	Something original in the romantic comedy genre. [full review Spanish]
fresh	Entertaining, fulfills its role as a romantic comedy. [full review in Spanish]
rotten	Love, Rosie tries to tell an original love story, but it doesn't quite get there. [full review in Spanish]
fresh	Besides the fact that it's full of near-misses, the movie's charming leads salvage it from being just another predictable romantic drama.
rotten	Predictable romance has teen sex, drinking.
rotten	It's obvious how this British romantic comedy will turn out, and getting there isn't funny or charming enough to generate much emotional investment.
fresh	Managed to win me over with a combination of British charm, clever writing, and well-executed performances.
rotten	There's not one clever or original plot device in Love, Rosie, and not one believable character or line of dialogue.
rotten	"Love, Rosie" is one of those annoying movies in which everything would be just fine if the two central characters had a simple conversation that cleared up all their misunderstandings.
rotten	Love, Rosie's early charm fades by the end, given that, as time (and the movie) wears on, neither Rosie nor Alex get any more mature when it comes to matters of the heart.
rotten	Constant fuchsia lighting can't make this setup warm.
rotten	Do you really want to expose your adolescent daughter to 100 minutes of the beautiful Lily Collins accepting second-best, over and over and over and over and over and over and over again?
rotten	A visually pleasing film, given to framing the characters in dappled sunlight that peeks through windblown leaves. It's a pity the rest of the project is so poorly executed.
rotten	Watching lifelong friends, clearly destined for each other, miss the romantic boat over and over is entertaining at first, but soon their tortuous and silly road to the inevitable provokes only impatience.
rotten	The problem isn't that Rosie and Alex aren't charming; in fact, they're both thoroughly nice and endearing and attractive, so much so that I lost interest in them pretty quickly.
rotten	"A Styrofoam heart and an embarrassingly juvenile worldview guide 'Love, Rosie,' the latest pit stop for rising stars Lily Collins and Sam Claflin."
rotten	Every action both parties take, over roughly a dozen years, seems motivated by the understanding that there'll be no movie unless they do it.
rotten	Few scenes connect as profoundly as director Christian Ditter envisions, rendering the effort heavy with quirk and an abuse of coincidence, and light with urgent matters of the heart.
rotten	The good-hearted and intermittently sweet Love, Rosie attempts through sheer force of will to convince viewers that its good-looking protagonists are a good match.
rotten	The message is more pedestrian than passionate: Life is long, and full of instant messages.
fresh	Cynics should steer clear, but Love, Rosie boasts two charming leads, a genuinely sweet tenor and such a warm blend of humor and heart that it could easily become a new teen favorite.
rotten	"Love, Rosie" doesn't aspire to be anything more than a digestible rom-com trifle. It's a sweet movie about sweet people who are always sweet to each other and it's enough to make one sick on the saccharine.
rotten	A romance found wanting thanks to watered down chemistry between the stars.
rotten	It's all a bit of a mess really. Despite the likeability of the two stars - Lily Collins and Sam Claflin, whose mouth resembles Hugh Grant's - there is so much silliness in this film that I found it alienating.
fresh	As romantic-comedies go, this worthwhile, incident-packed effort deserves credit for spending the balance of its time exploring the underside of love...The last time we saw that done this well was 27 Dresses.
rotten	Ditter has made a handful of popular comedies in Germany, and while he's able to maintain a certain rhythm and polish, there's ultimately nothing in Love, Rosie that distinguishes it much from your average in-flight movie.
rotten	What all this adds up to is a film with the consistency of fairy floss, enjoyable provided you're not expecting substance of any kind at all.
rotten	Bad timing is the central theme of this Four Weddings and A Funeral wanna-be, which despite several weddings, a funeral and a cliche ridden script, groans with predictable twists and turns as the two protagonists um and err about their future together
rotten	[A] brightly moronic young adult romance.
rotten	It's not entirely unlikable, but there's nothing here to match the charm of the movies this imitates, nor justify the mood swings that it signally fails to negotiate.
fresh	This very slight romantic comedy is almost sunk by its messy plot and some icky, ill-judged moments but stays afloat thanks to buoyant leads Lily Collins and Sam Claflin.
rotten	If you've seen the trailer for this adaptation of Cecelia Ahern's second novel then you probably needn't bother forking out for a ticket as they more or less signpost just how the story pans out.
rotten	Maybe Dublin collectively dissociated itself from the project. Who'd blame it?
rotten	Collins has a gamine-like quality reminiscent of a young Audrey Hepburn but her effervescent charm isn't enough to hide the chronic absurdities in the storyline.
fresh	Love, Rosie is a cheery, sweetly funny will-they-won't-they teen rom-com that rolls on through the more complex twenties of Rosie (Lily Collins) and Alex (Sam Claflin) as their friendship, which began aged five, teeters on the cusp of love.
rotten	Everything is so calculated and phoney that you don't believe a word of it.
rotten	Amid the bungles, Collins is a bright spark.
rotten	Never before has one script screamed so loudly for a Carrie Fisher rewrite; anything at all to inject a little wit, decency or soul.
fresh	The destination may never be in doubt, but thanks to likeable performances from stars Lily Collins and Sam Claflin this predictable film has a heart and soul that keeps it watchable for the duration.
rotten	A soapy heartstring fiddler ...
rotten	Celia Ahern's chick-lit novel about two friends who are secretly in love has been made into a not-quite-rubbish Brit romcom.
rotten	In the end it all feels rather heavy-handed and over-laden with music cues to the extent that the story rarely gets a chance to breathe and properly develop.
fresh	Cliched, predictable and unbearable in parts - but it never once loses sight of what it's trying to achieve, affectionately, and earnestly, adhering to the tropes of the romantic comedy genre.
fresh	Likeable leads and the odd good joke makes this romance an amiable time-passer.
rotten	That it wastes the talent of two young actors with star potential is upsetting, that it insults its audience is frankly unforgivable.
fresh	A thoroughly likeable English-language debut for German comedy helmer Christian Ditter ... elevated by vibrant visuals and the winsome chemistry of Lily Collins and Sam Claflin.
fresh	The movie benefits from an air of earnest goodwill and well-turned performances.
rotten	The film is moderately powerful in its exploration of the Latino students' lives outside the classroom, yet the dominant sequences involving the competition are right off the assembly line.
fresh	Though based on a Wired magazine story, this sticks closely to the formulas of inspirational-teacher and sports-team dramas; distinguishing it from the pack is the fact that all four students who formed the club were undocumented.
fresh	The film refreshingly portrays its kids as part of a diverse group trying to succeed in a country in which they can never find secure footing.
rotten	Spare Parts is a serviceable, curious, and ultimately bland true story adaptation.
rotten	Sequences and scenes end unceremoniously, everyone in the movie seems to know each other's backstory before they're properly introduced, and mild jokes land with uncertainty.
rotten	Spare Parts tries too hard to be a based-on-a-true-story, feel-good, crowd-pleasing, triumph-of-the-underdogs movie.
fresh	While the appropriately titled "Spare Parts" might feel like it has been assembled from bits and pieces of other inspirational movies, that doesn't mean the fact-based drama is any less effective ...
rotten	This blatantly big-hearted product isn't half as vibrant as the original 2005 Wired article on which it's based, and myopically neglects to address Arizona's troubling anti-immigration legislation through even a splash of hindsight.
fresh	The fictionalized backstory for Cameron is superfluous and distracting...Still, with a storyline like this one, it cannot help being fun to watch.
fresh	It's these moments that elevate American Sniper beyond a jingoistic refrain and into a relevant reminder of the sacrifice of war, even to its biggest heroes.
fresh	Despite its clunkier elements, Matsueda's screenplay is alert to details that ground the film in the day-to-day lives of young people who are American in every way but technically.
fresh	True story about underdog teens is predictable but sweet.
rotten	Puts a nice heart in a rusty vehicle.
rotten	In the end, "Spare Parts" proves to be more exhausting than it is inspiring.
fresh	At times, Spare Parts sails perilously close to the saccharine. But the film is a fine example of a message movie that does justice both to its important subject matter and to its characters' inner lives.
fresh	A surprisingly effective and affecting fact-based drama, despite its reliance on several recycled elements.
rotten	[The] screenplay ... plays down intellect in favor of corn and cliche.
fresh	Spare Parts stands and delivers on its own intriguing merits.
rotten	Though based on a true story, "Spare Parts," like every other studio product, rehashes cliches from other movies so as not to unduly challenge the audience.
fresh	The characters in "Spare Parts" all go through changes that are true to many immigrants' decidedly mixed experiences in the American melting pot.
rotten	If "Stand and Deliver" struck many as a hard-hitting look at life in the urban ghetto, "Spare Parts" seems like a Disney after-school special by comparison.
rotten	Derivative, overlong, a bit humor-starved, but watchable -- a "Race With the Sun" with robots
fresh	"Spare Parts" is the kind of feel-good underdog movie that almost can't help getting waylaid by cliches. Happily, the real story is strong enough - and unlikely enough - to overcome most of those kinds of problems.
fresh	Richard LaGravenese's adaptation of Jason Robert Brown's The Last Five Years presents an intriguing and compelling spin on the standard musical, and on storytelling in general.
fresh	It's a film to bring tears to the eyes of a cynic - in fact, a cynic might relish it more than anyone, since it's the counterpointing of exuberance with unashamed bleakness that makes The Last Five Years so rich.
rotten	A musical lives or dies based on the quality of its songs, and though The Last Five Years delivers some solid tunes none of them are earworms that'll stay with you beyond the closing credits.
rotten	Kendrick puts across her songs with toothsome charm and conviction but the flashback structure is cumbersome, the music isn't distinctive and Jamie is such a preening narcissist that you can't help but think Cathy is well rid of him.
rotten	A patchy adaptation of a Broadway musical -- think The Umbrellas of Williamsburg -- which is elevated but not entirely saved by the presence of Anna Kendrick in one of the two central roles.
fresh	Even if this doesn't go down in cinema history as a great musical, it's certainly well worth a watch and a listen.
fresh	This is what Fifty Shades of Grey should have been. Only instead of whips and riding crops, the female lead must submit to infidelity and career humiliation.
rotten	An unpleasant couple sings ridiculously on-the-nose lyrics about the collapse of a romance that we are given no way to sympathize with or understand. Absolute torture.
fresh	LaGravenese's direction remains appreciably intimate, ensuring this project ends up close to where it began: not one for the ages, perhaps, but a pretty good night out nevertheless.
fresh	This may not be the "Happily Ever After" movie you wanted on Valentine's Day weekend, but it's the most real movie you'll see about love.
rotten	An intriguing study of couples balancing their career with their relationship, but we get lost in the monotonous music, and crave just a proper, good old-fashioned conversation.
fresh	Anna Kendrick, of all-round-awesome fame, is singing again in this adaptation of an off-Broadway musical.
fresh	Careers and love collide in this cathartic New York-set sing-a-long session that relishes both life's highs and lows, only occasionally hitting bum notes.
fresh	Despite tuneless songs, Kendrick's and Jordan's bursting-to-wilting performances are worth the 90 minutes invested in this swiftly moving, set-to-music anatomy of a marriage.
rotten	While it doesn't do anything glaringly wrong, neither does it do much to distinguish itself, or to warrant recommending it to anyone outside of the Glee fan community.
rotten	The tunes are almost as depressing as the scenario itself.
fresh	A heartbreaking and human-scaled musical romance that burns as brightly as its two stars, Anna Kendrick and Jeremy Jordan.
rotten	I love that Anna Kendrick is frequently making musicals, and hope she keeps doing so. And that the next few are better than this
rotten	It doesn't help that the songs, while solid, become repetitive in melody. And there's not a home run in the bunch. I walked out humming ... nothing from this movie.
fresh	The ins-and-outs of love propel the star-making motions of The Last Five Years, a modest, slightly ragged but oh-so-engaging adaptation of the off-Broadway musical about the forward-and-back memories of a relationship all but certain to be dashed.
fresh	LaGravenese has pulled off a tricky feat. The Last 5 Years may have a limited audience among musical comedy lovers (since there's nothing blowing up and no witches involved), but they will be appreciative.
fresh	It's about the bungled and the botched who want to love, try to love, and make a hash of it all because they are human. It's a lovely film by a lovely man who once had Robin Williams woo Amanda Plummer with 'I have a hard-on the size of Florida.'
fresh	Telling the tough truth instead of being lied to with a glamorized version of theatre through rose-colored glasses, "The Last Five Years" establishes Anna Kendrick as a serious singer through Jason Robert Brown's naturally flowing, unpretentious music.
rotten	Transferred to film its artificiality becomes oppressive...the realistic backgrounds accentuate the synthetic nature of the piece rather than mitigating it.
rotten	It's bland, earnest, and receptive, and in order to capture it, the director Richard LaGravenese thinks he needs more crane shots than Citizen Kane.
rotten	Star Anna Kendrick's appeal is stretched to its limit here, and her lover Jeremy Jordan's character is hard to take in large doses.
fresh	There's a tendency to try to assign blame in the aftermath of a failed romance, but The Last Five Years won't or, maybe, can't do such a thing.
rotten	The best strategy for getting through "The Last Five Years" is to keep telling yourself that the next five minutes can't be as bad as the last five minutes.
fresh	LaGravenese should be commended for his vision and tenacity, which has helped to create a piece that should be catnip to fans of the modern musical theatre -- and in these post-Glee days, who isn't?
rotten	When The Last Five Years ends, rather than experiencing a sucker punch to the gut, all that one really feels is... nothing.
fresh	The Last Five Years is a small, bootstrap kind of movie, obviously a labor of love, and it works well because of the passion, charisma and Broadway belts of the two leads.
fresh	An 'indie' musical, not just in its modest production values but also in the emotional intensity of its mumblecore-esque focus on the romantic and career struggles of a pair of artsy young people in a big city.
rotten	Despite the considerable chemistry and energy Kendrick and Jordan bring to their starring-crossed lovers, The Last Five Years emerges as a surprisingly inert musical experience chronicling one of the most passive romantic breakups committed to film.
fresh	Kendrick and Jordan seem too squeaky-clean to convey the full weight of the characters' psychological baggage, yet LaGravenese's balanced, unpretentious direction allows the material to resonate all the same.
fresh	Jordan comes out of this movie respectably, while Kendrick comes out of it a star. In fact, she's potentially the first great movie musical star of her generation.
fresh	A very funny, deeply affecting portrait of love lost and found.
fresh	As far as I'm concerned, Anna Kendrick can make a musical twice annually for the next few decades.
fresh	Great even if you hate musicals.
rotten	Spirit is missing from "The Last Five Years," at least a cinematic one.
rotten	Try to imagine an episode of Girls, scrubbed of honesty and told in song through a punch-drunk lens.
fresh	How delicious that one of the best movie musicals in years -- and one of the best musical adaptations ever -- concedes that the job is almost too tough to do.
fresh	Detailing the ups and downs of romance, Kendrick and Jordan enchant on screen.
rotten	The songs become repetitive and seem like merely a different way to present familiar material.
fresh	The film is an enchanting creation -- a showcase for Kendrick's rising star, but also a bold shot in the arm for the musical genre itself.
fresh	Moving and bittersweet, with great songs performed by two very skilled performers.
fresh	Kendrick qualifies as the movie's secret weapon - actually not so secret now that she's charmed audiences in both 'Into the Woods' and 'Pitch Perfect.'
fresh	Musical adaptation has charming stars; some racy stuff.
fresh	Excellent. In addition to the sophistication of Jason Robert Brown's songs, it uses a sophisticated dramatic device...that is pulled off beautifully. One couldn't ask for a better pairing than Anna Kendrick and Jeremy Jordan.
fresh	The camera moves with heightened sensitivity, as if on currents of emotion, and Kendrick is infinitely winning. She's that rare thing, a movie star with a trained soprano.
rotten	Even though there are relatable hurtful truths found in this uncompromising pair, there isn't enough specialness in the characters or their story to make us feel for them.
rotten	This skeletal, near-sung-through study of a broken marriage is so mishandled and basically unengaging that it will do little to advance the case of movie musicals.
rotten	...Richard LaGravenese has fashioned a series of compellingly performed musical numbers hanging off of a hit-and-miss backwards/forwards structure and a romance that's more sexual attraction than emotional intimacy.
rotten	This bare-bones adaptation is more of a sop to the musical's fans than a fully imagined movie musical.
fresh	Songs that tell their story from both their points of view are among the smartest show tunes this side of Stephen Sondheim.
rotten	If you're not going to break out of the box when you move mediums with a musical, it is critical to use the box very, very well. Unfortunately, "The Last Five Years" does neither.
fresh	The songs are smart and "Company"-era Sondheimesque, courtesy of composer Jason Robert Brown, and director Richard LaGravenese has done a stylish, fast-paced job.
rotten	Musical theatre fans will rejoice but those not fond of production numbers as problem solvers will wonder what all the fuss is about.
rotten	...The Last Five Years, by tying itself to such a high-concept setup, feels more inevitable than invigorating.
fresh	Don't be surprised if, settling into "The Last Five Years" with your popcorn, you hear a large number of people around you singing rather than crunching.
rotten	"The film is the least enjoyable among [Kendrick's musical] efforts, its considerable ambitions undermined by charmless songs and a frustratingly cursory love story."
fresh	Kendrick sings her heart out and also proves a great reactor, managing to steal a couple of scenes from Jordan even when he's the one singing.
fresh	The sublime Anna Kendrick and Jeremy Jordan work miracles, giving glorious voice to their roles, making it easy to overlook the failings in The Last Five Years. Let it in and it knocks you back on your heels. Just like love.
fresh	Kendrick does the dramatic heavy lifting here as a woman struggling to break free from her husband's large shadow and find her destiny. She nails the comedy as well ...
fresh	Stars Anna Kendrick and Jeremy Jordan are earnest and often appealing in "The Last Five Years," even if the musical romance never completely finds its footing.
fresh	The engaging leads make this musical romance watchable
fresh	If there's any thought to the screen musical being revived as more than a Broadway brand extension, Kendrick makes the emphatic case that she's the star it should be built around.
rotten	Whatever charm or musicality the stage version had, Richard LaGravenese's film adaptation of 'The Last Five Years' is a complete bust.
fresh	From moment to moment, this Last Five Years is a robust entertainment, often stirring, sad, and funny.
fresh	What's most exciting about The Last Five Years is how, unless you are attuned to small, modern musical theatre, this will be an entirely fresh production, but not an amateur one.
rotten	One leaves curiously non-depressed.
fresh	For lovers of mature musicals, fans of Anna Kendrick, and devotees of cleverly plotted love stories.
rotten	The film mostly skirts any connection to musical theater as though it were faintly embarrassed.
fresh	Small in size yet vast in profundity, "The Last Five Years" is a sincere, understated miracle of a musical.
rotten	You better LOVE musicals before even thinking of sitting through The Last Five Years.
fresh	...a passable musical adaptation that seems geared more towards fans of the source material than to neophytes.
rotten	Let's be nice and call this an acquired taste.
fresh	As with all great musical performances, it's about range. Kendrick hits the notes, both emotional and musical. She's reason alone to seek it out.
rotten	"The Last Five Years" is the full blown musical that Kendrick seemed destined to make, but unfortunately it's too much of a good thing, a film that's ultimately for musical enthusiasts only.
fresh	A moving, at times magnificent work, The Last Five Years showcases some pretty immense talents in a fairly intimate setting, combining a witty libretto with memorable tunes and a well-structured story. One of the best musicals in many years.
rotten	There must have been some spark of inspiration that made director Richard LaGravenese believe this hermetic construct might benefit from the larger breathing space of screen treatment. But it doesn't.
fresh	It's easy to fall in love with Anna Kendrick and Jeremy Jordan in this heart-breaking musical two-hander, as they retrace a love affair from opposite ends.
rotten	While Kendrick especially melts the heart, the film adaptation from writer-director Richard LaGravenese ends up being a tad too insular to fully captivate.
fresh	These tunes are soulful, funny, and dear god does Anna Kendrick belt them out.
fresh	The Last 5 Years has some catchy tunes, a clever structure, and Anna Kendrick. When it comes to breezy romantic musicals, it's hard to ask for much more.
rotten	From most vantage points, A Few Best Men seems like a real movie. It has a "story," "characters," & even scenes that superficially appear to contain "jokes," but many sketches are ultimately just that; sketches that stop short of offering moments of wit.
rotten	An out-and-out failure.
rotten	A largely unfunny blend of frantic farce and gross-out humour.
rotten	This Australian Hangover-style ensemble comedy strains so hard to be funny that it barely raises a smile
rotten	Director Elliott (Priscilla Queen of the Desert) tells this story with an odd combination of tourist-bureau style backdrops and full-on slapstick mayhem
rotten	When it eventually does let loose and go for some big gross out laughs - like feeding a sheep laxatives - it starts to work, but it's too little too late.
rotten	When embarrassment fails to be funny, it ends up as truly excruciating, and such is the case here.
rotten	This stomach-churningly dreadful film proves that our friends in the Southern Hemisphere can scrape corners of the barrel inaccessible to even the most fetid American imaginations.
fresh	No question this is dumb and derivative and the characters are generally obnoxious but it's raucous, energetic and enlivened by a game Olivia Newton-John ...
rotten	In a nutshell, it's just another foul-mouthed, British-flavoured wedding movie with a cast of uncouth young men trying to be as rude as possible.
rotten	A Few Best Men leaves logic standing at the altar as its two dimensional characters stumble from one faux pas to the next.
rotten	Director Stephan Elliott made The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert but here he doesn't seem to know his farce from his elbow.
rotten	There isn't one single laugh here for anyone who doesn't think that women are disgusting, men are morons, homosexuality is terrifying, and friendship is about cruelty and envy.
rotten	What must have seemed at some point in production to be charming and hilarious arrives on screen as neither of those things.
rotten	How can you resist a film in which Aussie national treasure Olivia Newton-John as the bride's mother lets her hair down for a raucous, cocaine-fuelled jag?
rotten	Bed, barf and beyond ...
rotten	The humour never rises above the level of burp, puke and fart jokes ...
rotten	There are no real belly laughs and it lacks the sureness of touch and character of other Australian comedies.
rotten	Hateful characters, stupid situations, woeful filmmaking.
rotten	Tries painfully hard to be funny but fails in the attempt, thanks to an over-indulgent script, lacklustre romantic leads and unlikeable main characters ...
rotten	Frivolous stuff, but there's a sour edge to the silliness, with far more gay panic colouring the jokes than you'd expect from the director of 'The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert.'
rotten	As appealing as a cigarette in a beer can.
rotten	Its desperate efforts to ape The Hangover come with but one redeeming feature - it finally ends.
rotten	A Few Best Men is trashy, low brow, lazy, generic, boring comedy - without any remotely likeable characters. This film is a 'mustn't see'.
rotten	Will really test what you consider to be funny. Director Stephan Elliott puts a serious dent in his resume and may have his Australian citizenship revoked as a result.
fresh	While it does not match up against recent raunchy comedies it clearly takes influence from, A Few Best Men surprises with its cheeky spirit and an interesting role reversal of cultures.
rotten	All I have to say to those who keep forking out good money for this junk is (to paraphrase my father): If you keep encouraging them, they'll just keep doing it.
rotten	The set-up is simple enough at best. The execution is simple-minded at worst.
rotten	Australia needs more envelope-pushing comedies, but A Few Best Men doesn't deliver.
fresh	Achieves is perhaps the first steps toward a different sort of wedding-related film in the Australian landscape: not one trying to compete with a cult classic, but one that's just looking to let its hair down and have a good time.
rotten	Happy with hit and miss humour that's more often the latter than former, it fails to lift from slapstick silliness, disappointing audiences looking for more.
rotten	The writing/producing team behind 2007 Brit farce Death At A Funeral transplants most of the same plot points but none of the laughs...
rotten	It is fun in the middle but it is bookended by a tediously slow first act and an asthmatic wheeze of an ending.
fresh	I can't recall too many wedding flicks that have been this crazy and this outlandish. I certainly had a lot of fun watching it!
fresh	Olivia Newton John is an absolute hoot as mother in law Barbara in this madcap romantic comedy that brings together English and Australian humour in earthy earnest.
fresh	Directed by Stephan Elliott (The Adventures of Priscilla) with his indefatigable joie de vivre and wicked sense of humour, the film is a sure fix if you need a laugh
none	
none	
rotten	Forgettable, unfunny indie whodunit is fairly violent.
fresh	There aren't enough laughs to maintain the weak plot, and it is a pity, since Murder of a Cat is really unlike anything we've seen before.
rotten	A forced, grating snore of a contrivance masquerading as a quirky comedy. One of the worst movies of 2014.
rotten	The film's plot ... feels like a very bland character's search for a personality.
rotten	A dead pet isn't the only inert element of "Murder of a Cat," a plodding comic caper that fails to deliver.
fresh	"Murder of a Cat" is a pleasant enough comic thriller, though it's the lead character - not the cat - you might most want to see murdered.
rotten	Despite the presence of actors like Simmons, Greg Kinnear and Blythe Danner, this trying-too-hard comedy is as annoying as chasing a ball at the end of a bouncy string.
rotten	Swing a dead cat here and you'll hit a piece of limp dialogue.
rotten	I saw it with three people. One walked out. The second stayed to the bitter end because Blythe Danner and Greg Kinnear were in it. You needn't bother.
fresh	Murder of a Cat has an off-kilter charm, with Greene prizing humor over menace, and Clinton's maturity over plot resolution.
rotten	"Ghoul" can't decide whether it should be about cannibals, serial killers, ghosts or demons. The found footage trivializes rather than reflects the horrific events that serve as the film's basis.
fresh	[Ghoul] is remarkably creepy, even if it's hard to work up a lot of initial sympathy for the callow, smug young filmmakers [at its core].
rotten	Ghoul rewards attention for much of its running time with subtle scares and growing unease, before squandering it in a shaky chase through twisted corridors that goes nowhere unexpected.
rotten	Nothing new to see here, not that scary either.
rotten	It's just hard not to imagine that it might been better as a shorter 30 For 30 episode focusing on one of the three boxers.
rotten	Uneven and too brief for its brawny subject, Champs fails to be an affecting underdog story or an in-depth look at boxing's many problems.
fresh	Interesting, accessible documentary about the boxing world is revealing but stymied by its own slickness.
fresh	It's like a thesis whose next draft would be destined for greatness.
rotten	[A] clearly sincere but achingly cliched look at what's good and bad about the sport and the society that sanctions it.
fresh	No one documentary could ever really encompass all that's fascinating and distressing about boxing as a kingmaking sport, a violent cultural phenomenal and a shady business. The slickly made "Champs" certainly tries, with varied success.
fresh	The historic, socioeconomic, racial and even poetic roots of pugilism are addressed, and celebs and sportwriters weigh in, but often it's the fighters themselves who best sum up the appeal of "the sweet science."
rotten	Now and then this documentary by Bert Marcus rises above mere promotion, leaving you wishing it had tackled the sport's difficult questions in more depth.
fresh	What really differentiates this documentary from others is that it doesn't just stick to the cliche boundaries of the backstories of the boxers, it goes into the sociological and cultural factors of boxing.
fresh	Each fighter gets time to tell his story, and each is candid and thoughtful (and in some moments regretful) about their histories.
rotten	Directing a critical eye at the sociology and predatory business of boxing, the doc is periodically interesting but also unconvincingly broad.
rotten	Champs eventually snaps into focus, backed by testimony from three of the era's greatest "success" stories, but it parries too much to get there.
rotten	The latest boxing documentary is at its best when it isn't really about boxing.
fresh	Solid, if entirely too superficial look at the allure and downside of The Fight Game.
fresh	Former fighters Mike Tyson, Evander Holyfield and middleweight champion Bernard Hopkins hold court in Bert Marcus's fascinating doc, investigating America's continuing obsession with boxing
fresh	Less about what it takes to win a title belt, Champs examines what it means to be a man in a sport that often views the competitors as animals.
fresh	Very polished doc has more on its mind than action in the ring.
rotten	An unfocused mishmash that thrives only when it fixates on footage of actual bouts.
fresh	Fascinating. Anyone with an interest in architecture, history or religion/spirituality will find much to appreciate.
rotten	Stefan Haupt's 'biography' of Barcelona's Sagrada Familia is handsome yet bland.
fresh	Directed by Switzerland's Stefan Haupt in a deliberate, unforced manner, "Sagrada: The Mystery of Creation" takes a satisfying three-pronged approach to this unique structure: visual, historical and reportorial.
rotten	Zurich-born Stefan Haupt, however, interrupts his rapturous tour of this basilica with lackluster interviews.
rotten	Employing bursts of Bach and English-language narration, this lulling, informative documentary never fully grapples with its topic's complexity.
fresh	"Sagrada is a vividly informative documentary."
fresh	A peaceful and gently stirring documentary that considers faith and architecture and human achievement in something like geologic time.
fresh	The photography is impressive as well, Haupt's camera moving gracefully through the interior of the basilica and ascending to its spectacular heights.
fresh	A sometimes pedantic, mostly fascinating documentary about Barcelona's towering cathedral, La Sagrada Familia, which was conceived by Antoni Gaudi in the late 19th century.
rotten	A stone-faced look at the most confounding, fascinating and controversial edifice still being built today, Stefan Haupt's documentary tours Antonio Gaudi's colossal cathedral but never offers the spirit or thrill this weird wonder deserves.
rotten	The only mystery here is why, even for architecture geeks, this documentary is duller than watching stucco dry.
rotten	Sagrada plays like a video you might buy at the cathedral gift shop that outlines the history of the project.
rotten	A well-executed crime drama that, on a narrative level, finds itself too bogged down in the familiar to achieve genuine lift-off -- let alone anything memorable.
fresh	Columbus Short and Alicja Bachleda are actually fun to watch in this lighthearted femme fatale wannabe film noir.
rotten	This predictable whodunit proves a tad too transparent.
fresh	Onah doesn't quite stick the landing narratively, although he has such filmmaking energy that his work here merits comparison to that of the film's executive producer, Spike Lee.
rotten	You've seen it all before, way better done.
rotten	Onah - whose movie began life as his thesis project at New York University - seems more keen on showing how the tensions of immigration and gentrification have shaped the Lower East Side than on fashioning a credible thriller.
rotten	A textbook noir premise gets an overamped and undercompelling treatment ...
fresh	Though the film gets more banal as it reaches its climax-most viewers will have seen it all before-Onah creates refreshing space around these familiar stories and themes.
rotten	The story has plenty of possibilities, though Onah rarely manages to put his own stamp on things.
fresh	Ultimately, it's not so much the story - centered around a coke-fueled murder - that compels as Onah's familiarity with his setting. He's got a great feel for the vibrancy of downtown and the diversity of its population.
fresh	The film's visually arresting, but it's the performances that hold it all together - Short, Wilmer Valderrama, Jesse Spencer, Paz de la Huerta, Miriam Colon, and Mike Starr, with Bachleda being the real glue.
fresh	holds the viewer's attention and keeps him anxious to work out the mystery.
fresh	Wilmer Valderrama -- yes, HIM -- reinvents himself as a truly scary heavy in this brisk and biting thriller.
fresh	It's a familiar plot, here played out on the streets of New York by a cast of rising stars with some impressive work already behind them. The Girl Is In Trouble may not have many new things to say, but it says them well.
fresh	...an assured first feature that seems to announce the arrival of impressive cinematic sensibility.
rotten	If the finale was able to match the suspenseful buildup, the scale might have tipped to make The Sleepwalker a remarkable accomplishment, rather than a letdown.
rotten	The setup has mysterious promise, but the film cheaps out on a satisfying payoff.
rotten	In attempting to subvert our expectations of the genre, The Sleepwalker concerns itself with formal details and momentary pleasures that cannot mask the film's regrettable lack of thematic depth.
fresh	With strong assists from the cinematographer Zachary Galler and her ex-husband, the composer Sondre Lerche, Ms. Fastvold, previously a director of music videos, has painted a resonant tableau of dysfunction.
fresh	I was, much to my own surprise, engrossed in this story from pretty much the first frame.
rotten	Among the many unanswered questions, I ask: Where do they find this junk, and where do so many amateurs get the money to finance it?
fresh	The Sleepwalker distinguishes itself from most entries in this angst-ridden genre by way of superb writing, smoldering performances, and hauntingly beautiful imagery from first-time director Mona Fastvold.
rotten	None of the characters is particularly likable or admirable, leaving little opportunity for sympathy or curiosity to penetrate the constantly heightened air of psychodrama.
fresh	The film soon settles into a confident, well-staged groove, primarily because of two unambiguously terrific performances.
fresh	A darkly mysterious and extremely accomplished first feature, The Sleepwalker suggests the things we lost in the fire might be much deeper than material possessions...
rotten	Mona Fastvold's consistently intriguing debut may leave audiences feeling it's all buildup and scant payoff.
rotten	...generic and often painfully slow...
fresh	The emotional authenticity makes what could have easily been just another in a long line of similarly-minded dramas feel like a singular human story.
rotten	Fails to craft more than one-dimensional characters, making it impossible for the film to contribute to the difficult but urgent conversation about a terrifying topic.
rotten	While it has some good performances and noble intentions, it doesn't really bring anything new to the conversation and ultimately fails to give viewers any compelling reason to wade through all the bleakness and misery that it has to offer.
fresh	It sometimes reads as a cheap, sleazy horror film, but its heart seems to be in the right place.
rotten	Neither screenwriter Anthony Di Pietro or director Tim McCann ("Desolation Angels") has a sure grasp of this uneasy mix of nature and nurture.
rotten	All too much of Tim McCann's drama about this disturbed loner comes to feel like a checklist of warning signs.
fresh	First-time screenwriter Anthony Di Pietro pulls off a couple of nice character reversals.
rotten	"White Rabbit" is a deeply unpleasant viewing experience.
rotten	A dull, insight-free portrait of a young teen who's driven to become a high-school shooter by all manner of cliched forces.
rotten	White Rabbit simply doesn't arrive at a convincing diagnosis for Harlon, much less any insight into the culture that gives rise to killers like him.
rotten	White Rabbit's grave, problematic conclusion attempts to broaden the movie's scope in a way that ultimately feels more unwarranted and distasteful than it does organic to the material.
rotten	The trite way Southern life is represented in the film makes the main character's potential endgame seem stagnantly preordained and one-note.
fresh	"Magical Universe" is a tender portrait of the artist as a weirdly gifted, wildly prolific and strange man.
fresh	Carbee is such a benign, downright lovable presence, and so obviously tickled by the attention, that the film doesn't seem at all exploitative.
rotten	An odor of condescension and, eventually, exploitation inescapably emanates.
rotten	While Mr. Workman evidently respects Mr. Carbee's talent, he also frames his movie as a trite narrative about a kind of lovably odd acquaintance who comes out of his shell, without many incisive ideas about shaping or broadening the material.
fresh	To varying degrees of success, it attempts to prominently display Al Carbee's creations, yet keeps undermining his art in favor of investigating his skewed relationship to everyday realities.
rotten	A whiff of the strange never quite lifts from the real-life story of Al Carbee, a Maine outsider artist who converted his ramshackle home into a cavernous diorama for Barbie dolls.
fresh	This story is about tenderness and empathy, including Carbee's for his plastic proxies.
fresh	Obsessive artist, obsessed filmmaker. Worth all the obsession? Somewhat.
rotten	Informative, but there's not much fizz to this rather flat documentary about how the bubbly is bottled.
fresh	It's A Year in Champagne's dedication to sharing the winemakers' own experiences, along with their anecdotes about this most quintessential of wines, that makes the film so enticing.
rotten	The premise amounts to numerous raised glasses and classical music cues, but little of this schmoozing strikes a notable chord beyond the demode back-patting engaged throughout.
fresh	The freewheeling narrative experimentation and cryptic social commentary recall 60s Godard, but the vibe is Bozon's own.
fresh	As with the Golden Age American B-movies Bozon admires, Tip Top's primary concern is not with identifying the bad guy, but with smuggling in as much additional information as possible, including televised images of the unfolding Arab Spring.
fresh	This sui generis policier audaciously balances slapstick with a fiercely intelligent probing of the still-knotty legacy of France's colonialist past.
rotten	One minute a tense police procedural, the next a wacky Almodovarian sex farce, this schizophrenic enterprise is more wearying than entertaining.
rotten	Peculiar and abrasive ...
fresh	Instead of finding one consistent tone and sticking to it, Serge Bozon allows the wildly hilarious and the grimly serious to uneasily coexist, exulting in the resultant clash.
rotten	Confirms director and co-screenwriter Serge Bozon as one of French cinema's true oddballs.
rotten	Director Serge Bozon is not sure whether he intends a linear or non-linear sex rib-tickler or noir thriller, a female buddy cop caper or a social comment. Or all of them.
fresh	The resulting clash of tones initially seems jarring, but ultimately original and invigorating.
rotten	An overwrought experiment in cerebral slapstick that misses more targets than it hits.
rotten	For the most part, however, the comedy feels forced, as if Bozon is indulging a rather obscure private joke.
fresh	Serge Bozon's smart, surprising, marvelously realized French crime-and-sex police drama/comedy distinguishes itself with trenchant plotting, inspired framing, and performances that honor true human feeling even as they lunge into the screwball.
fresh	This police procedural is staged by the director Serge Bozon as a musical without music.
rotten	There's so much thrown into Tip Top that nothing stands out.
rotten	The seemingly endless climactic stretch confirms The Drownsman's place as a rather worthless homegrown endeavor...
rotten	Oddball to the point of annoyance...
rotten	The Birder does what it can to be endearing with its tale of a professional flap in the cutthroat world of ornithology, but it struggles to get off the ground.
fresh	Julianne Moore's terror at watching her own emotional and intellectual life slip away is palpable, and much scarier to me than any slasher movie.
rotten	Not only are there not enough good, smart roles for women, the movies that do contain those roles are too often one-dimensional.
rotten	Still Alice certainly has a superb lead performance in Julianne Moore, but directors Richard Glatzer and Wash Westmoreland focus more on the situation than the story.
fresh	The older you are, the more sensitive and receptive to the script's somber material you will likely be.
fresh	[Moore's] performance here as the deteriorating Alice is restrained and analytical in a way that allows us to see through her eyes.
fresh	The subject matter may be tough, and the end-point inevitable, but the message we take away is defiant and ultimately uplifting.
fresh	We're all familiar with the Hollywood cliche that playing a character with a disease or disability is an attention-grabbing ploy for Oscar glory, but what is remarkable about Julianne Moore's performance is just how subtle and un-showy it is.
fresh	Writer-directors Glatzer and Westmoreland have written a rich, multi-layered screenplay that works equally well as family melodrama and as a meditation on language, identity and mortality.
rotten	When it's not fending off an attack of the glums, Still Alice comes down with a big case of the prims.
fresh	Never once veering into heavy-handed sentimentality, it's a film to break your heart.
fresh	While Moore has deserved an Academy Award for years... the surprise is Stewart, who has left the twilight zone and burst forth as a creature of brutal honesty on screen.
rotten	The material hasn't been properly reimagined for cinema.
fresh	Co-directors Wash Westmoreland and Richard Glatzer keep the film simple and straightforward, cutting to the core of the matter without the need to tug at the heartstrings.
fresh	Moore plays the descent into dementia with notable subtlety. There's no grandstanding.
fresh	The reality of Alzheimer's may be even harsher than its presentation here but that would surely make a film that would only dismay its viewers.
fresh	Still Alice is unquestionably well researched and sincere in its intentions, but at times it feels a little schematic.
rotten	[Moore] almost carries the film beyond disease-of-the-week blandness, but both Sarah Polley's Away from Her and Michael Haneke's Amour mined deeper and more surprising material from the familial fallout.
fresh	Heartbreaking and convincingly told it may be, Still Alice only hints at the desperation the disease leads to, shying away from depicting the true horror of Alzheimer's.
fresh	Moore's own face starts to become as bare a cupboard as her mind. It's more than the no-make-up look. First, lines of doubt and fear map her face. Then starts to come a blankness like infantilism.
fresh	Julianne Moore gives the performance of her career (no mean feat, given the strength of her previous work) in this heartbreaking yet life-affirming tale of a woman determined to hold onto her identity while under attack from a debilitating mental disease.
fresh	An absorbing portrait of one woman's interior landscape.
fresh	This is an affecting and thoroughly worthwhile film on a very contemporary topic - with some Larkinian reflections on what will and won't survive of us.
fresh	...a performance beautifully coloured with varying shades of emotion that also makes clever use of [Moore's] porcelain looks to evoke the vulnerability of the eponymous Alice.
fresh	Moore gives a controlled portrait of emotional implosion ...
fresh	Moore is the real reason Still Alice works. She's so natural and free of vanity. She doesn't telegraph the tragedy of her situation. It's a quiet performance and the uncertainty of how present Alice is undercuts everything, even the joyful moments.
fresh	For my dad, who died of complications from Alzheimer's. This is the movie that needed to be made.
fresh	Julianne Moore is wonderfully good as Alice and her performance will bring a tear to many eyes.
fresh	Julianne Moore's stunning turn in the deeply emotional drama Still Alice is head and shoulders above anything else achieved this year.
fresh	"Still Alice" provides a valuable lesson in empathy and understanding, with a message for all of us in accepting what we've lost, and celebrating what hasn't yet gone.
fresh	"Still Alice" provides a valuable lesson in empathy and understanding, with a message for all of us in accepting what we've lost, and celebrating what hasn't yet gone.
fresh	The film is hobbled by a naff, TV-movie aesthetic and jarringly mawkish score. Yet Moore gives us raw heartache, running the gauntlet from fear to fury to powerless frustration, before she's barely there at all.
fresh	At times (Moore's) subtleties feel like a rebellion against the potentially cheesy directions taken by the screenplay.
fresh	Julianne Moore's Oscar clip will likely be an instance of high drama. But she's at her best during the still moments in between.
fresh	Julianne Moore delivered the best performance by an actress in a leading role throughout the duration of 2014. Only Wild's Reese Witherspoon and Two Days, One Night's Marion Cotillard came close.
fresh	There's a directness to the production that might feel blunt were it not elevated by Moore and Baldwin's heartbreaking duet performance ....
fresh	After showing the audience how much Alice has to lose, the film shows her losing it. Julianne Moore's finely honed, affecting performance makes her an Oscar frontrunner.
fresh	Yes, Julianne Moore will win the Oscar. And yes, this in one depressing film.
fresh	Still Alice benefits from solid acting down the line -- Kristen Stewart is especially fine as Moore's struggling actress daughter -- but it exists in a rarefied world of privilege unknown to most Alzheimer's patients.
fresh	Julianne Moore isn't merely good in the lead role. She's devastatingly, heartbreakingly good, and she's a big reason why Still Alice is as moving as it is.
fresh	Jullianne Moore is devastating without italicizing anything
fresh	This thoughtful movie ... raises an issue any of us might face.
fresh	The focus on Alzheimer's might be off-putting, but don't let that stop you from seeing Julianne Moore in Still Alice.
rotten	When she wins the Academy Award, I'm just going to pretend it was for Todd Haynes' 1995 masterpiece, Safe, and leave it at that.
fresh	A horror movie for gentlefolk: Its methodical terrors -- memory loss, disorientation -- seem all too likely, especially for mature moviegoers less worried about things that go bump in the night than the fall of night itself, so to speak.
fresh	As films about people with devastating diseases go, Still Alice is understated, thought-provoking, and written and directed with a steady hand.
fresh	A mind is a terrible thing to watch waste away and rarely has the horror of losing one's inner self to Alzheimer's been conveyed as precisely and powerfully as it is here.
fresh	I'm saying it could have been more worthwhile and aware than it is. As for the film, it has two strong performances and enough grace notes to make that a solid yes, you should see this.
fresh	Still still hums with humanity in the person of Moore, whose towering performance shows a staggering technical proficiency while never losing a whit of emotional resonance.
fresh	Moore's performance is exquisitely nuanced - the only thing worth remembering about this otherwise tone-deaf weepie.
fresh	(Julianne) Moore ably displays the frustration and fear that most likely is a daily occurrence for most Alzheimer's victims.
fresh	This is not an easy film to watch but it's relevant, courageous and full of grace.
fresh	It's well cast and generally much more sincere than sentimental.
fresh	Attempting to describe the level of tragedy contained in Moore's performance in the film's third act brings to mind the limits within Alice's chosen field of study. Because no words do it justice.
fresh	While a fine showcase of a great screen actor's talents, and an admirable depiction of an all-too-common disease, it is a grind, and one wonders if the filmmakers had an audience in mind.
fresh	Moore's performance as an early onset Alzheimer's patient is arguably her best. And, that takes into account four earlier Oscar nominations. She is due.
fresh	As lyrical as Angels in America may be, it hijacks the focus.
rotten	Julianne Moore deserves all the accolades but the movie wants tears and never quite earns them.
fresh	Still Alice will be remembered for Moore's efforts, with her performance one that audiences won't forget.
fresh	It's heart-breaking to watch, made all the more poignant by Julianne Moore's largely subdued, deeply moving performance.
fresh	A decent film that's emotionally raw, worth seeing if only to see how one of the masters of her craft single-handedly manages to rescue (along with the help of her castmates) a film from being a maudlin mess into a watchable, moving piece of cinema.
fresh	Without Moore's uncompromising, brilliant work, this would be a mediocre film, so the way she elevates it into a work of art is nothing less than astonishing.
fresh	Moore is sensational -- all the reason anyone might need to see this film, which unfortunately offers little else to command our attention.
fresh	Sensitive, compassionate storytelling.
fresh	In Still Alice, Julianne Moore delivers a heartbreaking, emotionally astute portrayal of a woman disappearing in full view of her nearest and dearest.
fresh	While it's no surprise that Moore is so good, "Still Alice" has an unexpected trick up its sleeve: the sweetly gentle performance of Kristen Stewart, as Alice's actress daughter Lydia.
fresh	A modest drama, but Moore's heart-wrenching and Oscar-nominated performance makes this a must-see.
fresh	The movie is harrowing, as any story about Alzheimer's should be, but Moore gives it an extra layer of gravity and heartbreaking inevitability.
fresh	The kind of movie that exists solely to facilitate a great performance in the lead role, and Julianne Moore provides one.
fresh	It's a heartbreaking performance by Moore, who never forgets she's portraying a woman whose professional success has been built on intellectual rigour and self-discipline.
fresh	Moore's performance, with all its subtleties and nuances, demands recognition, even if it's the only thing about "Alice" worth remembering.
fresh	While [Still Alice] is bleak and incredibly serious, it mostly avoids cheap sentimentality, managing to educate without becoming an after-school special.
fresh	Still Alice is a searing portrait of one of the least understood, most frightening plagues of this century.
fresh	Sorrow-laden and moving, Still Alice isn't gratuitously grim nor is it easily sentimental. There's humor here -- vaguely gallows-like, perhaps but also earned.
fresh	Movies about slowly dying characters almost never leave us feeling ennobled or uplifted - they make us feel like suckers.
fresh	Thanks to some intuitive direction from the filmmakers and a truly inspired performance from Julianne Moore, Still Alice articulates the very specific type of loss that Alzheimer's and other cognitive disorders represent.
fresh	The great strength of the film is that it never resorts to cheap sentimentality. The facts themselves are hard enough, crushing enough.
fresh	Still Alice is accurate and compassionate, and anyone who has known someone with Alzheimer's will appreciate the film's sincere intentions.
fresh	Don't be surprised to find yourself suddenly obsessed with forgotten names and misplaced keys.
fresh	It's Moore who really brings the film home. It's in her expression when the doctor gives his diagnosis and pessimistic prognosis. It's in the way she looks at her family, knowing there will come a time when she won't recognize them.
fresh	"Still Alice" is much too clear-eyed to hold out false hope, but it's a moving testimonial to going down with grace.
fresh	Paradoxically, even when pulling its emotional punches 'Still Alice' can't entirely escape the limitations of the disease-of-the-week genre, but largely as a result of Moore's extraordinary skill it largely transcends them.
fresh	If it didn't star Julianne Moore, it would be well worth skipping. But the exceptional way Moore plays Alice, a renowned Columbia University linguistics professor with early-onset Alzheimer's, lifts the film above its morose potential.
fresh	Ultimately this is a movie built around Moore's performance, and she doesn't disappoint.
fresh	Thank god Julianne Moore got an Oscar nod for her new film Still Alice.
fresh	A beautiful movie at times, tapping into a pure experience that's gracefully handled by the production, allowing the work to be educational, dramatically satisfying, and, of course, utterly heartbreaking.
fresh	There's a difference between a great performance and a Great Performance. Julianne Moore's turn as a professor afflicted with early onset Alzheimer's easily qualifies as the latter.
fresh	It is impossible not to be affected by this devastatingly sad portrait of a woman, whose reliance on memory and its compilation to communicate in her role as professor of linguistics at Columbia University, accentuates the intensity of her loss
fresh	Still Alice is heartbreaking but it doesn't earn its tears through easy emotional manipulation.
fresh	Inherently heartbreaking and miraculously pure, Glatzer and Westmoreland gift their leading lady with a blank canvas and she returns the favor by pouring her soul on to it.
fresh	Still Alice lives or dies on Moore's performance, whose portrayal is nuanced yet never maudlin.
fresh	A performance as perfect as Moore's deserves to be seen.
fresh	Julianne Moore, as Dr. Alice Howland, evokes the heartbreaking reality of this dreaded condition. Yet through it all, she is "still" Alice, and that's why Moore is a lock for the Academy Award.
fresh	Glatzer has cited Ozu as an influence, and Still Alice honors the Japanese master's serenity unto nothingness.
fresh	Julianne Moore is the main reason to see "Still Alice. "
fresh	A realistic, heartbreaking look at a savage disease so eloquently exhibited by Moore given the proper respect by its filmmakers.
fresh	"Still Alice"might sound maudlin, or more on the frequency of a made-for-TV movie than what it is. But this is not only sensitive material handled with tact, it's also sensitive material bolstered and braced by Moore's stunning performance.
fresh	Still Alice works and, at times, with assured, depressing clarity.
rotten	This middlebrow drama presents the heroine's mental deterioration calmly and sensitively, though it feels pretty thin on the whole.
fresh	The movie's most expressive element is Moore's face, slowly moving from engagement, flecked with worry, to disconnection and blankness.
fresh	A film that benefits from Ms. Moore's lovely performance, yet suffers from glib contrivance and predictable writing.
fresh	You bet your ass that Julianne Moore is overdue for Academy love. She's supremely gifted, possessing the beauty of a true star and the intuitive technique of a true actress.
fresh	For all the movie's honesty, the reality of Alzheimer's disease is a lot worse than what you see in "Still Alice." Perhaps directors Richard Glatzer and Wash Westmoreland made a calculation as to how much an audience can take. They were right.
fresh	For a film about early onset Alzheimer's, this is a remarkably wry, honest and even hopeful drama, anchored by another staggeringly sensitive performance by Julianne Moore.
rotten	If only the movie deserved Moore's precision work, and if only there were more to this character than the cheap irony of a language professor losing her words.
fresh	Not since Jeff Goldblum succumbed to a purely sci-fi disease in 'The Fly' has watching a great actor gradually lose it being so gutting.
fresh	Simple and direct, rather than a discovery.
fresh	The combination of a brilliant lead performance and a respectably honest portrayal of Alzheimer's make Still Alice affecting, even during the times when it feels as though it needs a little more plot.
fresh	Even though Glatzer and Westmoreland's film occasionally flirts with three-hankie, disease-of-the-week Lifetime-network cliches, it mostly rises above them thanks to a pair of stunning performances. One that's pretty much expected, the other less so.
fresh	The triumph of Still Alice is that it's not about an illness; it's about a person.
rotten	But, sadly, it's not a good movie.
fresh	In the absence of the anger and the wildness that are crouched and caged within this most terrible of themes, "Still Alice" is worth watching, for the sake of Julianne Moore.
rotten	In this adaptation of Lisa Genova's novel, one is left wondering why anyone would want to be Alice to begin with.
rotten	Julianne Moore does all the heavy lifting in what otherwise feels like a TV movie.
fresh	Still Alice is as powerful as it is crushing. Ms. Moore delivers a performance that will endure.
fresh	Profoundly eloquent and empathetic, elevated by Julianne Moore's restained, delicately nuanced performance.
fresh	A brilliant performance by Julianne Moore manages to overcome some melodramatic pitfalls.
fresh	Julianne Moore's lead turn is towering and momentous, the work of an actor whose awe-inspiring natural talent knows no limits. Watching her in this role provides a thrill that not even some of the best action films could hope to attain.
fresh	A sympathetic look at mental decline in a middle aged woman.
fresh	Moore turns Alzheimer's drama into acting master class.
fresh	Julianne Moore is devastatingly good, charting Alice's decline with subtlety and grace. It's just a slight disappointment that her Oscar-worthy performance is not just the crux of Still Alice, but also the film's entirety.
rotten	If only the movie were as good as [Moore] and Stewart are.
fresh	The tearjerker of the year.
fresh	Simultaneously rawly realistic and airbrushed.
fresh	Moore handles the role beautifully, emphasizing Alice's fastidiousness and dignity as they unravel against her will.
rotten	It's a way better movie than it ought to be, but not good enough to escape its pulpy, mendacious roots.
fresh	Glatzer and Westmoreland don't need to stack the emotional deck on Alice's behalf ... They just leave the camera on Moore's beautiful but increasingly faraway face, and our tears come on their own.
fresh	Moore's performance is gutsy, subtle and Oscar worthy
fresh	Overall "Still Alice" feels rather incomplete, but the blemishes are overshadowed by some tender and potent moments, a lovely score by Ilan Eshkeri and Julianne Moore's fantastic performance.
fresh	With a combination of power and grace, Julianne Moore elevates "Still Alice" above its made-for-cable-television trappings, and delivers one of the more memorable performances of her career.
fresh	Losing your mind is a terrible thing to watch, but the splendid acting in "Still Alice" makes it worth the pain.
fresh	Still Alice is a movie that addresses a nightmarish circumstance with calm, compassionate sensitivity.
fresh	All of the actors clearly know they are there to support Moore. This is Alice's story and no one else's.
fresh	Moore's portrayal of 50-year-old Alice Howland, adapted from Lisa Genova's 2007 novel, is one of the best of her career.
fresh	Moore has been a fine actress for a long time and "Still Alice" gives her a remarkable role, and the space to truly live it.
rotten	Still Alice is so busy being compassionate that it forgets to be anything else.
fresh	Still Alice is rarely anything short of compelling, in part because its sense of progression and scale offers such a distinctively unsentimental take on the terminal-countdown tearjerker.
fresh	Julianne Moore is extraordinary at revealing the gradual loss of memory and confidence, and at showing the hulk of physical persistence that remains after intellect and reference have gone.
rotten	Julianne Moore and Kristen Stewart's artful consideration of familial friction acerbated by disease, and vice versa, nearly saves Still Alice from the banality of its Lifetime-movie execution.
fresh	"Still Alice" is hampered by both an unimaginative script and ordinary direction, but it's a serious Oscar contender. Why? Because Julianne Moore is in the lead.
fresh	The rare film possessed with the courage required to shine a light into that abyss knowing full well that down is the only way out.
fresh	Thanks to this brave and gutsy actress' overwhelming candor and sincerity, you go away feeling educated, enlightened and more compassionate than you can possibly imagine.
fresh	The filmmakers and their lead actress never make a misstep; their approach is both clinical and deeply intimate, and the emotional journey feels true and resonant.
fresh	A caring and compassionate portrait of a linguistics professor stricken with early onset Alzheimer's. carried home into our hearts by Julianne Moore's mesmerizing performance.
fresh	It's one of those rare films that makes you think and gives you a debate to have with your loved ones. A deep, human movie that doesn't shy away from baring its soul and the vast complexities that come with it.
fresh	Still Alice becomes more and more engrossing as it progresses...
fresh	This is an effortlessly excellent film, about a horribly hard subject.
fresh	[This] film will mean a lot to a lot of people - not just anyone whose life Alzheimer's has affected, but anyone whom it could affect, ever.
rotten	Competently directed, and delivered with the expected emotional beats, "Still Alice" achieves its modest goals, but one wishes it had a grander vision.
fresh	In the wrong hands, this is the stuff of disease-of-the-week sentimentality, but Still Alice stays away from that terrain by focusing less on the illness than on the emotional effects it has on all involved.
fresh	The toll the disease takes on the life of a brilliant linguistics professor is superbly detailed by Julianne Moore in a career-high performance, driving straight to the terror of the disease and its power to wipe out personal certainties and identity.
fresh	Julianne Moore guides us through the tragic arc of how it must feel to disappear before one's own eyes, accomplishing one of her most powerful performances by underplaying the scenario ...
rotten	Half a dozen effective gags are not enough to get this fiasco to work. [full review in Spanish]
rotten	Mortdecai is a movie you can't criticize for being ridiculous: it's what it aims to be. [full review in Spanish]
rotten	Visual repetition is a theme here, a resource to which the director turns to keep the narrative "entertaining " , but ends up doing more harm than good. [full review in Spanish]
fresh	The greatest virtue of Koepp's film is to place a character taken out of a vintage comic strip on a anachronistically clueless landscape. [full review in Spanish]
rotten	An abysmal would-be comedy that sees the quickly falling star delivering a performance that's as hammy and unfunny as it is dull and embarrassing.
rotten	An overlong disaster...
fresh	Johnny Depp as an updated Baron Munchausen.
fresh	Look past the vicious reviews and the film reveals itself to be squarely in the genial, proudly silly spirit of everything from The Pink Panther to Austin Powers.
rotten	Depp's Charlie Mortdecai, a conglomeration of grunts, bleats, facial tics and a moustache that becomes a subplot by itself, is a hoot, but highly unlikely to join Capt. Jack Sparrow, Edward Scissorhands, Ed Wood or Willy Wonka in his hall of fame.
rotten	There are a few amusing touches, but overall, Mortdecai sinks to the depths, its potential battered by an overdose of ham and a mannered performance by Johnny Depp that just doesn't fire
rotten	A tiresome misfire that's mortifying for all concerned...
rotten	A dreadfully flat and unfunny film...It really is painful to watch such a terrific actor as Johnny Depp bland out in such a big way.
rotten	Tiresome caper comedy has big stars, little appeal.
rotten	Aside from a hipster barber here and there, it is hard to imagine who this filmic folly is really aimed at.
rotten	This one's dead on arrival.
rotten	I have no idea for whom this movie was made.
rotten	The leaden story is by-the-numbers stuff.
rotten	What should be a three-minute SNL sketch unfurls into a feature-length snooze.
rotten	There's just never enough ham on the buffet for Johnny Depp these days.
fresh	You may not like it, but it's hardly the worst movie ever made. It isn't even anywhere near the worst movie released this month.
rotten	The overloaded quirks grow tiresome pretty quickly.
rotten	There's a chasm between grounded character comedy, touched by impeccable timing, and a kook gurning for the camera.
rotten	The jokes are astonishingly unfunny, splitting the cast between those desperate to please, and those looking to slip off with most of their dignity intact.
rotten	Depp's performance is insipid, scraping the bottom of his wardrobe of over-the-top weirdo personae.
rotten	This wilfully terrible film marks a significant juncture in Johnny Depp's peculiar career. It is, to him, as the assassination of Archduke Franz Ferdinand was to the Balkan League.
rotten	Compared to the mustachioed gurning going on here, Depp's Captain Jack Sparrow was a study in bleak Bergmanesque understatement.
rotten	...a very silly movie with a game cast whose commitment is occasionally engaging...Depp and Bettany are like an English variation on Inspector Clouseau and Cato.
rotten	Depp is this generation's Peter Sellers, but he shouldn't invite the comparison playing a character so much like Sellers' signature alter ego.
rotten	Mortdecai lacks the wit and charm that would've been necessary for this farcical pastiche to work, resulting in another disappointment from Johnny Depp.
rotten	With art-heist caper Mortdecai, Johnny Depp tries his darnedest to start a kooky Austin Powers-like franchise with a side of bumbling Insp. Clouseau. But dash it all if it isn't a crashing bore, old bean.
rotten	[Mortdecai] fails on just about every level, so committed to its ridiculous premise that it doesn't bother to step back and recognize what an unholy mess it is.
rotten	Mortdecai isn't particularly funny, but it's also not the Pistachio Disguisey 2015 train wreck the Internet has spent the last few months anticipating. It's brainless, but it's painless.
rotten	Stale, strained and sadly dismal considering all parties involved, Mortdecai wants to be a globe-trotting roguish romp crossing the globe in a bespoke suit, but it feels more like a brandy-soaked nap in grandad's threadbare housecoat.
rotten	Depp's strenuously unfunny performance turns a frivolous caper comedy into a grim death march to the closing credits.
rotten	Mortdecai is content to stroll casually and unassuredly through its paces, taking long, long intermissions for Depp to whimper and giggle.
rotten	A sh-tshow from start to finish, a theoretically whimsical comedy wherein the actors physically begin to shrink as it goes along, as if they realized what they had gotten into just a beat too late to possibly escape.
rotten	Go if you're a raging Anglophile with an afternoon to burn or you just love Depp, even at his hammiest. Otherwise, don't point this thing at you.
rotten	It's heavy on doses of double entendres, slapstick and zaniness, but completely bereft of any laughs or true entertainment value. (Full Content Review -- Sex, Profanity, Violence, etc. -- for Parents also available)
rotten	When it gels, it's genial. When it doesn't, it drags. And drags.
fresh	The humour is puerile and idiotic, but you may laugh out loud in spite of yourself -- especially if you're familiar with the Carry On movies or the original Pink Panther.
fresh	Daffy, dated, and precisely as intended.
rotten	Reminds me of the viral videos parodying Wes Anderson's style made by people who clearly don't get the filmmaker at all.
fresh	If you have an allergy to pure goofballery, this is not the movie for you. Spend your Depp bucks elsewhere.
rotten	What looked funny in small, trailer-sized doses turns into an interminable death march when applied to an almost two-hour run time.
rotten	There was no laughter, just grim resolve on the part of those of us professionally obligated to stick it out through the bitter end.
rotten	[An] absolutely bewildering waste of time, talent, energy and money.
rotten	Every time Depp gave a phlegmy little stammer and jauntily uttered lines like, "I say, old bean," I wanted to bop him on the same with a rotten tangerine.
rotten	Depp is very much to blame, having put the project together with his Secret Window director David Koepp. No doubt they had a hoot filming it, but watching it is painful.
rotten	Not the flaming catastrophe that its dreadful trailer seems to promise, but still a mess -- frantic and leaden and largely laughless.
rotten	"Mortdecai" has loads of problems, but the secret to its semi-tolerability is that it both tries too hard and doesn't try hard enough.
fresh	It's exactly the sort of oddball trifle, like Hudson Hawk, that tends to attract the ire of baffled audiences and grumpy critics. It's also the sort of oddball trifle that, like Hudson Hawk, will put certain aficionados of silliness in a pretty good mood.
rotten	Only 14-year old boys are this enamored with growing a mustache.
rotten	Even devoted fans who stuck with Depp's Jack Sparrow shtick through thick and thin will find his supposedly madcap adventures in Mortdecai buttock-clenchingly bad.
rotten	"Don't be tiresome," Paltrow tells Depp at one point. Or did I forget myself and yell that at the screen myself?
rotten	Resistible.
rotten	A whirlwind of horrible British accents, too much gagging and not enough good gags, and weak dialogue that, while not exactly terrible, is terribly boring.
rotten	A spectacular mess, and the only real shock comes from the number of A-List talent involved on both sides of the camera.
rotten	Shrill, stupid and often sexist, Mortdecai sinks due to an embarrassingly overwrought turn from Johnny Depp.
rotten	Mortdecai isn't all that funny, quick-witted, or even that interesting. It's yet another misunderstood outsider, fish-out-of-water, unreal, and oblivious hero scenario for Johnny Depp.
rotten	Mortdecai is the stuff that inspires stipulations in wills, as in, 'Have some basic decency on the event of my passing, and don't let people bring up that one movie.'
rotten	A thoroughgoing disaster...which aims to be a larkish homage to caper movies of the sixties but falls dismally short of the target.
rotten	Never amounts to anything more than a watchable mess, an inside Anglo-joke that most of us aren't in on.
rotten	Johnny Depp is in danger of being upstaged by his own moustache in this knockabout crime caper.
fresh	It's undemanding stuff...but fans of Depp at his more energetic will see it as a collector's item.
fresh	Those who do find their way into this supremely silly action-mystery caper are in for a few grins if not laughs thanks largely to the deft - and daft - performance of Johnny Depp in the title role.
rotten	Mortdecai is reminiscent of some of the wildly misfiring comedies that Peter Sellers used to make in the 1960s and 1970s - the worst of the Pink Panther films, or the star-studded fiascoes such as the 1967 Casino Royale.
rotten	Johnny Depp affects an accent that's so exaggeratedly British he sounds like a one-man Pimm's advertisement as Mortdecai, a dimwit toff art dealer with a taste for port and a moustache that would get him laughed out of Shoreditch.
rotten	Mr. Depp's wizardly expertise at disappearing into a character is intact. But what if that character isn't funny and hasn't an ounce of charm?
rotten	The poster is awful. The premise is awful. To be frank, quite a lot about it is awful ...
rotten	"Mortdecai" is mortdifying, a mortdal sin of a movie that's headed for the cinematic mortduary.
rotten	It is not enough to fall about and do funny voices. You need a script with actual wit and verifiable verve.
rotten	Mortdecai is an anachronistic mess that never succeeds in re-creating the breezy tone or snappy rhythm of the classic caper movies that it aims to pastiche.
rotten	Johnny Depp has done so much for us. Let us now return the favor and pretend "Mortdecai," a disastrously misjudged career low, never existed.
rotten	Despite a superior cast and terrific-looking production values, this mystery romp is a misfire on every level.
rotten	Though the books are brilliant, Depp's attempt to make his own Terry-Thomas movie feels tired and more than a little tortured.
rotten	This painfully unfunny spoof of teddibly British nonsense couldn't be less amusing if it were actually calculated to be totally laugh-free.
fresh	Mortdecai works as a low-stakes comic mystery that is refreshingly aimed squarely at adult moviegoers.
rotten	Depp massively overplays it in this embarrassing and shockingly unfunny self-produced farce.
rotten	It's hard to escape the suspicion that the only people sure to enjoy 'Mortdecai' are Depp, Paltrow, Tim Burton and Madonna.
rotten	It's hard to think of a way in which the experience of watching the new Johnny Depp film could be any worse, unless you returned home afterwards to discover that Depp himself had popped round while you were out and set fire to your house.
rotten	It aims for knowing slapstick but ends up feeling like an extended skit with the joke outstaying its welcome.
rotten	Energetic but obstinately unfunny, David Koepp's throwback farce is a showcase for Johnny Depp at his most self-amused.
rotten	Mortdecai, the film, is neither satire nor spoof, instead getting caught uncomfortably in a place where the butt of the joke is difficult to pinpoint.
rotten	While watching this new caper, I was reminded why movies like this are called souffles in the first place: if they don't stay perfectly aloft, they collapse.
rotten	By the final (and predictable) act, the only feeling is relief that the ordeal has rumbled to its eventual conclusion.
rotten	It's not very good. Some of it, in fact, is downright awful.
fresh	A Michael Mann film, and storycraft and logical commitment are thus not as important as mood and style in providing the film's backbone.
rotten	A square-jawed, furrowed-browed, altogether joyless film, with a hero to match ...
fresh	"The whole thing looks like heightened news footage; raw, visceral and urgent."
fresh	This is a film where the substance is all within the style, making it more akin to crime films from the Asian territories it visits (and takes co-stars from) than the tropes of Hollywood procedurals
rotten	Blackhat is an inconsistent, ill-conceived affair which rarely, if ever, rings true.
rotten	The global village may be vulnerable to computer geeks and unscrupulous corporations, but it's managed to block the progress of this opportunistic dud. Well done, everybody. Justice has been served.
fresh	There's more style than substance to all this, and you can't help feeling that Mann might be presenting his credentials to direct a future James Bond film, but it's not without entertainment value.
rotten	This mysteriously misbegotten flick should be a gritty 10-hour miniseries so it would have time to explore its ideas and potentially fascinating characters.
fresh	The fight against cyber-terrorism couldn't be more topical and the film is as stylish and strikingly well-made as we have come to expect from Mann.
fresh	What makes Mann such a fascinating but paradoxical film-maker is his grandiose approach toward material that often seems utterly formulaic.
fresh	It's never less than watchable and the beautifully choreographed brutality of the final pay-off is worth the wait.
rotten	The spectacle here is sometimes absorbing but more often ridiculous, and it isn't [Mann's] best work.
fresh	A competent procedural rather than the ground-breaking cybersaga we'd hoped for. But as with Miami Vice, Mann's boundless style does a remarkable job of disguising the lack of substance.
fresh	Much cybercandy here to chew on.
fresh	Michael Mann doesn't make standard frantic-pace thrillers (see Heat and Public Enemies); he prefers to work at a more controlled stride
fresh	It's no Heat but the niggles are easily forgiven given the virtuosity on show and the mood oozing from every frame. No one shoots faces, architecture and gunfights like Mann.
rotten	While there's some fun to be had in the urgent, explosive action sequences, Mann's characteristic style can't conceal the screenplay's lack of substance.
rotten	If you think a film about computer hackers furiously tapping their keyboards sounds a bit dull, Blackhat proves you right.
rotten	Bland performance and massive indifference: not one of Mann's best efforts
rotten	It's as if Mann has simply run out of things to say about the crime story, but doesn't know what else to talk about anymore.
fresh	The kind of movie film theorists could only dream about a century ago.
rotten	A pervading sense of "who gives a sh-t" permeates the whole affair. I can't recall the last time I heard a sound mix this bad in a major motion picture.
rotten	Hints of a quasi-apocalyptic chill seem arbitrary-neither symbolic nor dramatic. The effect is like watching software run itself.
rotten	With Blackhat, pulp-film auteur Michael Mann takes a stab the sub-genre, and if he can't do it then no one can. So apparently no one can.
rotten	No one is particularly interesting here, and unfortunately the fate of "Blackhat" is the same that has befallen many a January action flick: it's a miss.
rotten	Thor is very unimpressive without his hammer.
rotten	... tries to be a taut cat-and-mouse procedural and a cautionary tale about technological overreach, but fizzles both ways.
rotten	Disappointingly inert, lifeless adventure.
rotten	Nobody can top Mann's urban night scenes, with their oily neon and skyscraper light grids, but for the most part this plays like Heat without the heat.
fresh	As fascinated with harnessing light as the early humans were, Mann sees the skylines of Hong Kong, Los Angeles and Jakarta as fluorescent palettes with which to indulge his aesthetic whims.
fresh	...manages an idiosyncratic pulse for a cyber-thriller, and that's due largely to Mann.
rotten	Hemsworth and Tang Wei are pretty but boring. They are to the movie as a food bolus is to the esophagus, a painful blockage that should have been removed to make room for the much more digestible and flavorful team of Viola Davis and Wang Leehom.
rotten	James Bond grows a brain but the audience is not buying it.
rotten	Mann's idea of following data through computer systems leaves you thinking he's worn out his VHS tape of Tron.
fresh	"Blackhat" is a clunky Michael Mann movie and a classed-up Steven Seagal movie. To perceive either statement as an outright pan is to deny the surface pleasures in either. A lesser effort, but bleak, brooding and beautiful enough to skate by.
rotten	This shaky action flick directed by Michael Mann botches its shot at being the of-the-moment cyberdrama it might have been.
rotten	Preposterous nonsense.
rotten	The movie's not all bad. It's just a bit bland.
fresh	Not everything about Blackhat is designed for us to understand, but like most of Mann's best work it hits you on a gut level.
rotten	Mann, whose films often pop off the screen with urgency and vibrancy, opts for a grainy, muted and measured approach here, a choice that will have some filmgoers wishing their auditorium seat came equipped with a fast-forward button.
rotten	Let's start with the fact that Hemsworth stars as the world's most brilliant hacker. Let that sink in for a moment.
rotten	Michael Mann's worst movie to date...
rotten	Unfortunately, Blackhat proves to be worthier of January's taint than of Mann's good name.
rotten	The movie feels very out of date as if (director Michael) Mann recently discovered the power and potential of computers.
fresh	While it isn't great, the director's technical flourishes and storytelling elements remain consistently compelling,
fresh	Blackhat may be so lovingly and artistically crafted that it fools some viewers into judging it as an art film.
rotten	The movie's most depressing feature is its naked pandering for overseas box office. If there's one thing worse than appealing to the lowest common American denominator, it's appealing to the lowest common global denominator.
rotten	Blackhat, or Thordfish, as I like to call it, feels like what happens when a director realizes his project was a bad idea halfway in and still has to deliver a movie.
fresh	It has a decent ludicrousness and Mann's one-of-a-kind talent for using digital photography and naturalistic light to complicate and invigorate anonymous spaces.
rotten	The majority of Blackhat is spent digging through encrypted code, which is like trying to find clues in a mountain of digital mashed potatoes. You realize that Blackhat is undeniably unremarkable and it just crawls along at a snail's pace.
rotten	Given our brave new cyber world, someone in Hollywood is going to have to come up with a better way to do it. Watching actors tap out code as big buzzing screens of digital data flash on the screen just doesn't cut it.
rotten	It's a timely topic, and one Mann could have surfed to the very edge of accessibility had he found the right line, but he nosedives in the first act.
fresh	Mann may not be at the top of his form here, but Blackhat is still proof that even in a flawed work, he is a master filmmaker.
fresh	Physical indignities contrast with the soft, silent attack of data: plot is mere ruse for Mann's investment in a sensory dialectic that brims with bloody lament for a world that can be touched, punched, tasted, smelt, embraced, released and rained upon.
rotten	Blackhat plays like a parody of a Michael Mann movie, which is depressing, given that it IS a Michael Mann movie.
fresh	No one fires automatic weapons with the sort of abandon a character in a Michael Mann movie does. Beautiful visuals.
rotten	Blackhat is a boring and visually-disappointing entry from Michael Mann, and a film perfectly suited for the January dumping ground.
rotten	Blackhat works best when it's suggesting visual connections between people and things, cities and tech.
rotten	[Mann's] closeup work on the characters themselves is shaky, perhaps in the hope that we won't notice they're made of cardboard.
fresh	What keeps the melange compelling is the sense of transience that Mann has been nurturing in his recent work. His fascination with characters who have no nation beyond their own immediate selves reaches a kind of emblematic apotheosis.
rotten	Another silly cyber-thriller, almost saved by an intense Hemsworth and some bruising action.
rotten	Blackhat is a visual blowout, but it's no Blow Out
fresh	Intriguing but overlong thriller gets pretty violent.
rotten	By the time we actually meet the villain it's too little too late.
rotten	The ongoing struggle to make cyber crime an exciting time at the movies continues with Michael Mann's Blackhat, a ridiculous mish-mash of genre stereotypes.
rotten	If it weren't for the credited "Directed by Michael Mann," I'd say THIS was a hack job. (Full Content Review -- Sex, Profanity, Violence, etc. -- for Parents also available)
rotten	Mann would rather be coasting the canals or stewing over crime scenes. The definiteness of computers seems to stymie him. For all his digital resources, his existentialism is analog.
fresh	Its story is preposterous, asking viewers to make many leaps in judgment and logic, but Mann's presentation of the story is exactly right.
fresh	Blackhat boasts a ripped from the headlines theme and dialogue swiped from a dime-store novel.
rotten	Like a bad thriller trying to be a Michael Mann film
rotten	Mann must have felt he could overcome the script's abundant shortcomings by simple exertion of style. He was wrong about this.
rotten	...a collection of B-movie action sequences involving fights and gunplay poorly shot on purpose.
fresh	"Blackhat" is enjoyable, for what it is. But it's not what it could be.
rotten	About as thrilling and current as a first-generation Atari game system, an exercise in sleek redundancy where words like "malware" and are supposed to generate shivers of excruciating anticipation.
rotten	Stock markets, bank accounts, and NSA sites aren't the only thing being hacked in Blackhat. The whole thing reeks of hackery.
rotten	"Blackhat" would be a more interesting movie if it were actually about a black hat.
rotten	Overwritten and not particularly well-acted.
rotten	Blackhat is a plodding, visually murky snoozer whose plot is completely illogical.
fresh	A glossy tech-thriller from director Michael Mann that works through its unnecessary tangents and shaggy subplots by sheer force of its filmmaking prowess.
rotten	That it is cold and unfeeling may be the point, but that doesn't change what it is.
rotten	Michael Mann's Blackhat is supposed to be a hack attack thriller. Instead, it is a bloody bore.
rotten	Blackhat is a difficult movie to understand.
fresh	Technology may have changed, cyber-crime may be all the rage, but the narrative song remains the same in films like this, and it's a tune this director knows by heart.
fresh	Despite being overlong, Blackhat is mostly engaging.
fresh	A spectacular work of unhinged moviemaking.
rotten	Perhaps the Sony hackers should have skipped The Interview and tried to shut down Blackhat. Then again, they never said they had anything against abject boredom.
rotten	Mann also used to have a much better feel for action, in movies like Heat, Collateral and Manhunter, than he exhibits here.
rotten	Blackhat plays a surprisingly flat and ever-flatter cinema texture against the careful roll-out of an elaborate plot.
rotten	Why does the computer villain bother with concocting such a large, risky, complicated cyber plan to make money when he can knock down a quick $74 million by simply manipulating stocks?
rotten	most notable for highlighting the human toll of high stakes hacking in far bloodier terms than Sony recently experienced and a few well executed action scenes.
fresh	Once the exposition is out of the way, "Blackhat" features so much stylized momentum that it's easy to get caught up in the far-fetched hoopla.
rotten	There might be catharsis in it for, say, someone who's fallen victim to identity theft, but it's a pretty cozy vision of cyberspace.
rotten	The characters are flat. The plot drags. The tension is nonexistent. The action scenes are clunky.
rotten	The premise is interesting, and certainly timely, though the film feels assembled from used components.
rotten	Blackhat does have a good amount going for it, [but] it also can't outrun its major issues.
rotten	One of the most visually unattractive movies I've ever seen.
rotten	A disappointing film about cybercrime and the difficulties in dealing with it.
rotten	Blackhat proves you CAN polish a turd
rotten	A dim-witted, dullard of a thriller about hacking and terrorism for profit that has one saving grace: timeliness...Being current only gets you so far when the script is techno-babble nonsense and the acting is as wooden as the Sequoia National Forest.
rotten	a timely idea poorly executed by someone who usually excels at this kind of thing
fresh	There's way too much cyber in this movie, but at least there's some thriller, too.
fresh	Break down the film, and it's just a Western in digital drag. Put Mann on the case, and you're in for high-style gamesmanship. Short attention spans need not apply,
rotten	I wouldn't mind seeing some of the scenes and images again, as part of a highlights reel divorced from the material we're meant to care about.
rotten	"Blackhat" is pretty much nonsense, which Mann directs with such misplaced energy and with such little natural instinct for the material that, for most of the running time, the movie's problems seem entirely his fault.
rotten	This is a big misfire, a career steppingstone in the wrong direction.
rotten	"Blackhat" is a mess of a movie from Michael Mann, a would-be cyberthriller slowed by stupidity and sabotaged by a stunningly silly subplot.
rotten	Blackhat could have been a very timely thriller about cyber-terrorism... but instead, it's just another style-over-substance misfire from Mann.
rotten	Sadly, any hope for a pants-wetting night at the movies with real-world horror is brushed away in the first act, where Mann solidifies his intent to make a standard-issue actioner filled with logic whoppers, dim performances, and banal dialogue.
rotten	Where his previous films functioned as elegant, skillful genre pieces, Blackhat gets hung up by an abysmal script and a trio of miscast actors in the lead roles.
rotten	The movie's smart ideas are overlaid with dull, standard-issue moments of people typing on computers or pursuits through crowded streets.
rotten	The Sony hacking disaster may draw some attention to the movie, but Blackhat is strictly Hollywood hokum with a limited shelf life.
rotten	Slow, boring and inconsequential, with a butt-ugly visual style and stakes that are both low and ever-changing. Has nothing to say and no light to shed on its subject
rotten	Blackhat isn't interested in being a Michael Mann film. It's a serviceable crime thriller with the confused aspirations of wanting to be the next Jason Bourne vehicle.
fresh	Not top-tier Mann, but at times it comes close enough and a slightly diminished Mann is still better than just about everybody else. The action scenes are impeccable.
rotten	About 20 times less cool than it should be.
rotten	Old-hat, an unimaginative take on a cutting-edge subject that comes off both ludicrous and boring.
rotten	Michael Mann has made some good movies. This is not one of them.
fresh	The action scenes don't measure up to the all-timers in "Heat" or "Miami Vice" but are more than exciting enough once belief is suspended and you forget that these are supposed to be rival groups of computer hackers, not Navy Seals and terrorists.
fresh	It has a lot of raw energy, and raw energy goes a long way in a movie that mostly consists of people typing and pointing at screens.
rotten	An interminably long and not very thrilling cyberthriller whose high point is an arty blue-lit shot of Chris Hemsworth wearing nothing but an electronic ankle monitor.
rotten	A stylistic treat that is essentially incoherent when it comes to plotting, characterization and dialogue.
rotten	Serves no purpose other than deflating the director's reputation and the star's chances of ever starring in anything that doesn't involve a helmet with horns on it.
rotten	Blackhat is a tedious, preposterous and incoherent cyberthriller that is anything but thrilling.
fresh	In terms of both its global locales and cast, few movies have been as riveting in their exploration of the friend/enemy relationship between China and the U.S.
fresh	Real men do Tech in Michael Mann's timely cybercrime thriller about an unlikely team of Chinese and American agents on the trail of a mysterious hacker.
fresh	Go ahead and call this silly, but that's missing the point.
rotten	Occasionally, Mann shows flashes of the sort of springloaded action set pieces he was once hailed for ... But mostly they just come off as warmed-over parodies from a onetime master aping his own style.
rotten	Director Michael Mann's hacker thriller Blackhat suggests the once great filmmaker has nothing left to draw on in his artistic arsenal than the same old crime tropes he helped popularize and that he's fallen back on for too many years now.
rotten	Blackhat is a sparkless cyber-thriller in which Chris Hemsworth's most worthy adversary is a shirt with buttons, as he constantly fights a losing battle to keep them fastened.
fresh	Blackhat is Michael Mann's best film in a decade. Yes, that means it's better than Miami Vice and Public Enemies. That's how this works.
rotten	Even if you love Michael Mann, and lust for Chris Hemsworth, this deep January technothriller does not compute.
fresh	Slick and sometimes goofy as it is, "Blackhat" is an odd, fascinating movie: a high-tech action thriller about the human condition.
fresh	"Blackhat" is the rare film in which overall viscera trumps more comfortable virtues.
rotten	Boring and bloated, it's as if some conglomerate of agents and execs and international moneymen changed the programming and language of Michael Mann with the hope that he might be Michael Bay.
fresh	Blackhat may not rise to the level of Collateral or The Insider, but nor does it deserve the indignity of a mid-January release.
rotten	The script is a mix of talky exposition and gun battles, the lowest form of cinematic action..a cyber-thriller that's distinctly short on thrills, not to mention credibility.
fresh	The fluency of Mann's direction and the slow-burn chemistry between Chris Hemsworth and Tang Wei counterbalance the more ordinary, and not always involving, procedural elements.
rotten	Michael Mann strains to keep up with the times with this au courant but visually muddled, dramatically clumsy cyberthriller.
fresh	A finely produced thriller, mature and classy. It just doesn't pound your pulse nearly enough to achieve its ambitious goal of turning computerized larceny into the stuff great films are made of.
fresh	There are fifty things about Blackhat that make no sense. But on a visceral level, it works.
rotten	Such a massive fiasco that it's hard to know where to begin analyzing it.
fresh	A sensuous, ravishing collection of images that occasionally give way to murky plotting and dull characters, "Blackhat" is a minor (but palpably hypnotic) film from a major American action auteur.
rotten	It's acceptably entertaining while you're watching it. But how depressing that Michael Mann should settle for being acceptably anything.
fresh	Michael Mann's latest and most thrillingly abstract action film to date.
rotten	There is enough to like in Blackhat, if you don't mind sifting through a lot of bad code.
fresh	Michael Mann's camera elegantly collapses the spaces between bodies and objects without sacrificing spatial coherence.
rotten	If Hemsworth would just smile a bit more and not garble his lines like a doped-up Sly Stallone, maybe I'd have bought the preposterous plot.
rotten	For all of the detail the movie throws at you, it is about as realistic as Superman III when it comes to computers, and Hemsworth is just as realistic a hacker as Richard Pryor was in that film.
fresh	These Final Hours is a quick trip that lacks the depth and originality it deserves, but it still creates some spectacular moments along the way.
fresh	Imagine 'Mad Max' populated by suburban morons crossed with 'On the Beach' through the eyes of people who just want to get messed up.
rotten	A run-of-the-mill apocalypse.
fresh	An urgent yet strangely simple and humanistic doomsday scenario.
fresh	These Final Hours pulls no punches when it comes to depicting the debauchery and insanity inspired by the Earth's check-out notice.
rotten	The low-budget Australian apocalyptic drama has such a terrific start - an adrenaline rush of panic and dread as a huge asteroid colliding with the Earth sends a wall of fire around the planet. It's a shame the movie peters out about halfway through.
rotten	Incoherent and pointless as it is, These Final Hours moves with commendable swiftness.
fresh	There's a sentimental streak to These Final Hours, but in the end, it feels as if it's been earned.
fresh	This is a moving story about our final hours on earth with strong performances, as well as a uniquely touching finale.
fresh	A standout performance from 12-year-old Angourie Rice grounds the bizarre events whenever she's onscreen.
rotten	Despite its strong sense of place and a solid central performance from Nathan Phillips, Zak Hilditch's film is too blighted by the deja vu factor to stand out from the apocalyptic pack.
rotten	Technically auspicious but narratively hollow.
fresh	Hilditch gets good mileage out of his cast.
fresh	Slight but suitably tense, These Final Hours is a harrowing glimpse at two lonely souls arriving at the end of the world as they know it.
rotten	It's a drive through familiar terrain, the end of the world as we already know it.
fresh	An intense and powerful what-if drama ...
fresh	The film's fortunes might also have been harmed by widespread over-praising from critics. While the film has its virtues, too many local reviews simply make the film out to be a much more accomplished work than it is.
fresh	I like the concept and it's nice to watch an apocalyptic action film that asks a few questions.
fresh	Though there is more than the odd stumble along the way, the intense atmosphere... --- and its scrupulously balanced blending of danger, despair, defiance and death - remains powerful and arrestingly ominous throughout.
fresh	The film is a showcase for Hilditch's technical skill, which includes an understanding of audience psychology: he has the knack of creating awful pictures in the mind while showing the worst horrors briefly or not at all.
fresh	Zak Hilditch's tense apocalyptic drama These Final Hours gives a familiar concept a telling new location: Perth.
fresh	Hilditch wants us to walk on hot cinematic coals here, knowing the hurt and pain that the film stirs up will ultimately result in a satisfied but more so, stronger you.
fresh	These Final Hours is tragic, sad, thrilling and tense, a triumph of cinema that tells its gut-wrenching tale in under 90 minutes - take note, Hollywood.
fresh	A symbolic work that fires from multiple cannons.
fresh	Zak Hilditch makes a scorching debut feature with this emotionally explosive apocalyptic drama.
fresh	The final graphic effects extravaganza is, I think, a mistake. Better to have ended on a note of eerie stillness and reflection. But if it's spectacle you want, those final moments are hard to beat. All reservations aside, it's a terrific movie.
fresh	There's never been an end-of-days movie quite like These Final Hours before, an anything-goes orgy of grief, savagery, and sex, with just enough humanity to remind us why maybe farewelling mankind would be a shame after all.
rotten	When the film isn't sickeningly violent, it's stupid and when it's not that it's sentimental and boring, with little to recommend.
fresh	An attention grabbing debut
fresh	These Final Hours renders an abject apocalypse; and yet the last glimpses of humanity are dazzling.
fresh	An incredibly bleak yet never the less effective pre-apocalypse movie, that stunningly portrays an Australia succumbed to a culture of death during the most fleeting and precious moments of creation.
fresh	What sets it apart from so many action-oriented films is that the director surrounds lead actor Nathan Philips with a strong, multigenerational cast of women.
rotten	An odd mix of broad comedy and quaint nostalgia, this flailing attempt at crowd-pleasing comedy attracted a strong cast to thankless roles.
fresh	Adam Sandler stars in a watchable movie so, yes, there's a miracle involved. Sandler tamps down the moron act to play Max Simkin, a Bronx cobbler with a magical stitching machine that enables him to transform into his customers by slipping on their shoes.
rotten	It's like Click as helmed by Robert Bresson.
rotten	The Cobbler's so bad that Adam Sandler may do some serious soul-searching (after his next $20 million paycheck). It's so bad that you'll be willing to actually call Comcast and ask for your money back.
rotten	The conceit is both ridiculous and clever, but the director, Tom McCarthy, pushes it to facile conclusions without tapping its deeper potential ...
rotten	Lands in the bin of "try and fail" efforts of great directors with films like Popeye and Town And Country to keep it company.
rotten	Throughout The Cobbler, Sandler himself seems more invested than he's been for a long time. But the rest of this ghastly movie lets him down.
rotten	Interesting idea about empathy turns into disturbing fable.
rotten	"The Cobbler" is almost fascinatingly awful enough to recommend. If one subscribes to the theory that you can learn as much from a bad movie as from a good one, this one's a master class in what not to do.
rotten	A failed fairy tale with a saccharine, klezmer-inflected tone undercut by the movie's own plot.
rotten	A comedy that starts well but sputters into a lame story about a nasty gangster.
rotten	"The Cobbler" is a wildly ill-conceived curio from director Tom McCarthy, who co-wrote with Paul Sado.
rotten	What starts off as a potentially charming fantasy never finds its footing.
rotten	"The Cobbler" definitely won't please the audience for Sandler's mainstream blockbusters, and it's unlikely to win him new fans among the indie intelligentsia, either.
rotten	Fans of Adam Sandler are a hardy lot, impervious to the derision of friends and family and the slings and arrows his films frequently attract from critics. The Cobbler is likely to test their mettle.
rotten	The sophomoric humor may be absent, but in its place is only a souffle of whimsy, seasoned with soot, that fails to rise.
rotten	New Yorky, Jewish-tinged knockoff of "Groundhog Day" which A has a silly premise, and spends its running time radically lurching among different tones, none of which work for a minute.
rotten	The shoe doesn't fit.
rotten	The Cobbler is trying to do so much-be socially conscious, be a parable (hell, maybe even be a superhero origin story!)- it just feels like a bunch of cobbled together ideas.
rotten	Sandler is solid, and a supporting cast that includes Steve Buscemi, Melonie Diaz and Method Man are all very watchable. But the movie is never able to find its footing.
rotten	The world may never again witness Peak Sandler, but that's OK. We'll always have Punch-Drunk Love.
rotten	Yet another misguided and insensitive Adam Sandler movie.
rotten	The Cobbler has invented a new category of terrible: cruel schmaltz
rotten	The Cobbler is such a weirdly somber comedy that it would almost be in poor taste to laugh during it, though there's not much danger of that happening.
rotten	It's difficult to say what's more troubling: that the film doesn't do enough with its clever premise, or that it doesn't seem to care.
rotten	It's a toxic smear of curdled whimsy about a New York shoe-repair man (a lumbering Adam Sandler), who transforms into his customers when he puts on their shoes. The film is beyond awful.
rotten	Star Adam Sandler will certainly receive the brunt of the blame for the mangled effort, but he doesn't deserve the heat. This is all McCarthy's doing.
rotten	Maybe there's a good movie in here somewhere - or would have been, more than 40 years ago, with Judd Hirsch as the shoemaker. Or nearly 60 years ago, as a quick "Twilight Zone" episode. But as it's done today, it's just forced and unfunny and fake.
rotten	Flamboyant caricatures and casual prejudice have always been cornerstones of the Adam Sandler empire, and The Cobbler is no exception.
fresh	Magical social realism graces this strange politically conscious comedy about bad landlords, housing activism, a Yiddish cell meeting on the Lower East Side a century ago, and Sandler for a change getting in touch with his sort of inner workingclass hero
rotten	A painfully earnest and totally unfunny magic-realist fable set on the Lower East Side that works in no way whatsoever.
fresh	It revives the pleasant art of storytelling most of today's young filmmakers have all but abandoned, and cures (temporarily, anyway) my allergy to Adam Sandler.
fresh	Likeable but ordinary.
rotten	Tom McCarthy got stuck making an Adam Sandler movie, instead of the other way around.
rotten	Even as he becomes more aware of a world outside his tiny shop and Sheepshead Bay, Max remains distant and sometimes unpleasant, Sandler barely changing up his mealy-mouthed, grumbly performance.
rotten	Sorry, Adam Sandler simply isn't very convincing playing a character with an I.Q. above room temperature.
rotten	Thomas McCarthy evinces no interest in the people who come into Max's store and wind up as fodder for his increasingly violent and self-absorbed escapades. Not a shred.
rotten	Thomas McCarthy's fourth (and worst) film...
rotten	A movie like this, in which not a single scene comes together, in which almost nothing makes you laugh or cry or think, reminds you that it's truly a miracle when movies work at all.
rotten	A slow-motion zeppelin crash that starts as a dull-edged fable, and then spirals further and further out of control without ever growing more exciting or interesting.
rotten	Sandler gets lost in The Cobbler, and so does any vestige of the filmmaker's connection to his audience.
rotten	Audiences tickled and delighted by the initial premise are only likely to feel disappointed by the way it pans out.
rotten	The last ten minutes of The Cobbler are a special kind of awful. The rest is a mere disappointment coming from McCarthy, but business as usual for Sandler.
rotten	Well, we'll say this for "The Cobbler," it's probably the first anti-gentrification, magical shoe, Jewish fable in the history of cinema. But that's about where the praise ends for this baffling misfire.
rotten	It's an amusing concept for a movie but there's nothing for it to stand on. In other words, The Cobbler leaves you wondering, 'Where's the sole?'
fresh	self-consciously trashy, trope-happy inanity that is relentlessly entertaining and rather forgettable - as though the viewer too has been subjected to an alien mind-wipe.
rotten	We root for the aliens by default.
fresh	The Vicious Brothers have some fun with what's essentially a slasher movie featuring homicidal aliens.
rotten	There's nothing at all original, engaging, stimulating or thought-provoking (for all of these, see Invasion of the Body Snatchers) within its frames.
rotten	If the whole premise of Extraterrestrial sounds familiar, that's because there's hardly an original idea in the whole film.
rotten	Derivative and cynical, the feature squeezes out a few effective moments, but the rest is poorly managed and rarely terrifying.
rotten	Everything about it is meant to either raise or lower your expectations.
rotten	"Extraterrestrial" never settles into a groove, and therefore never becomes more than a collection of effectively icky scenes.
rotten	"Extraterrestrial" takes the well-worn concepts of space-creature marauders and doomed party-hearty cabin weekenders and opts to fling the litany of horror and sci-fi cliches at you in the manner of monkeys well armed with dung.
rotten	"Extraterrestrial" feels like a wish-fulfillment project; perhaps less self-indulgence was in order.
rotten	If aliens travel thousands of light-years to terrorize you, the least you can do is put them in an exciting movie.
rotten	It's in the final act that the pic becomes more ambitious and interesting, though not quite enough to lift the whole from decent-time-filler status to something more inspired.
fresh	A good, old-fashioned alien-encounter picture.
rotten	A movie of pure, undigested cliches, set to a generic pattern of jump scares and fake-outs.
rotten	I kept holding out hope it would reveal itself as a parody in the 11th hour.
rotten	A knowing melange of recognizable genre tropes bordering on shopworn cliche, with little else introduced to the equation to justify its existence.
rotten	A hackneyed, seen-it-all-before tale that has grown somewhat tired in contemporary cinema.
fresh	Extraterrestrial might win you over in variety and execution - that's "execution" in both meanings, as the film improves markedly once its unappealing cast starts becoming chum for E.T.s.
fresh	Once Extraterrestrial gets gruesome and starts delivering the mayhem, there's certainly some fun to be found here.
rotten	Extra-terrible, more like.
fresh	An enjoyably cheesy B-movie containing some unexpected twists and a good few laughs, intentional and otherwise.
fresh	A riotous hybrid of alien mayhem and cabin-in-the-woods horror, this movie has a playful tone that makes it thoroughly entertaining.
rotten	Utterly empty. It's aware of the tropes of the new mythos of alien abductions, but makes no attempt to find anything even the slightest bit fresh in them.
rotten	Minihan and Ortiz trundle out the same old storyline: creepy things in the woods, camcorder found footage - and abductions by aliens who prove that everything you've heard about their anatomical-exploratory procedures is 100% correct.
rotten	A blunt picture where everything feels borrowed from earlier, better films.
rotten	This all-too-familiar assemblage of dumbed-down flotsam and campy jetsam from far-better sci-fi films is filled with cliched predictability.
fresh	Extraterrestrial is an untaxing albeit regularly cliched watch, but still a fun dose of sci-fi horror, even if the search for a truly great modern alien horror goes on.
fresh	The exact midway point between Steven Spielberg and Ed Wood, this a cheerily obvious schlocker that will please B-movie purists.
rotten	When the lead actress is introduced with a leering close-up of her scantily clad backside, it's safe to say that character development was never a top priority.
fresh	Minihan's direction is assured and slick and it's nice to see some oldschool aliens rock up on screen.
rotten	Revelling in its B-movie conventions to little dramatic effect, this intergalactic slasher is often unintentionally hilarious.
rotten	There's no denying it's a nice change from the usual supernatural shenanigans, but the characters, actions and denouement leave a bit too much to be desired.
fresh	Extraterrestrial harkens back to a time when sci-fi movies could be both fun and horrific, finding success thanks to the Vicious Brothers' "no holds barred" filmmaking mentality.
rotten	[It doesn't] further the alien sub-genre, which as far as I'm concerned, is dead.
fresh	In spite of its generic plot and lead actor's blandness, Tracers has enough going for it to make it worth a look...
rotten	Appealing stars can't save violent parkour thriller.
rotten	A by-the-books B movie only notable for its energetic action choreography.
rotten	Formulaic in all its plotting and characterization, Tracers is uninspired and forgettable, like a mediocre restaurant that serves small portions of mediocre food, leaving you with little to chew on and minimal satiation.
rotten	Lautner's here to move at top speed, leap over walls, and make pained faces when the going gets tough for Cam. Anything more than that is beyond his skill level.
rotten	With escape as its theme, this thin-plotted pleaser comes hard and goes fast, its rush premium but fleeting.
fresh	Corny twists and exchanges ensue in the wobbly story, but, delightfully, Daniel Benmayor's film shows love not just for stunts but for the dynamic surfaces of the city.
fresh	As long as it shuts up and keeps moving, "Tracers" makes for a sufficiently diverting, not to mention zero-emission, vehicle.
rotten	The script is as leaden as the actors are fleet-footed.
rotten	"The Fast and the Furious" - except slower and less incensed.
rotten	Tracers gets a few things right and completely forgets about others.
rotten	Lautner keeps his best assets - a super-ripped body - mostly well hidden while trying gamely to sell a very hackneyed storyline.
rotten	It goes about its idiotic business swiftly and efficiently, which is about all you can ask for from this manner of silliness.
rotten	A movie about Taylor Lautner joining a parkour gang, and often exactly as silly as that sounds.
rotten	Tracers gifts the world with the mash-up of Oliver Twist and parkour that it never knew it needed, and will justifiably ignore.
rotten	"Tracers" is fun to look at, if not too bright, and even includes a line I can only assume is a winking reference to Lautner's claim to fame: "There can only be one alpha in every pack."
rotten	Lautner? Not bad, and he does enough of his own stuntwork to make it feel real. But seriously, spend the money to cast a decent villain.
rotten	Let's just say there's barely a trace of an interesting plot to be found.
rotten	Tracers, which probably could be edited down into several fine antiperspirant commercials, isn't that ghastly because it's filled with dozens of stuntmen utilizing parkour . . And who doesn't like to see Taylor nearly break his neck every 10 seconds?
rotten	The lusterless camerawork keys itself almost empathetically to the drab reality of the film's spaces, settled and unsettled alike, but it can't enliven the hackneyed plot.
fresh	'Twilight' alum Taylor Lautner gets physical in a gritty-glossy New York story of crime, star-crossed love and Parkour-style stunts for an agreeably lightweight time-killer thriller.
rotten	Tracers seems destined to disappear from theaters quickly without leaving much of a trace.
fresh	The plot may be as creaky as an old-timer slinking across rooftops in a black turtleneck and domino mask, but the acrobatic stunts more than compensate, many of them performed by Lautner himself.
fresh	Its rewards include some remarkable performances (the girls' mother, Claudia Messner, is a standout); a convincing sense of time and place; and some romantic encounters with a genuine erotic charge.
fresh	It's epic stuff, and at 170 minutes it's a commitment. Schiller seems to be blazing a trail for German uber-confidence, seeing his modern man as the grand product of all that's been right with history.
fresh	Best executed with churning emotions and period-specific cruelties, offering director Dominik Graf something to work his fingers through instead of passively recounting Schiller's admittedly flavorful existence.
fresh	Dominik Graf's Beloved Sisters [displays] a fascinating visual approach that distinguishes the film apart from its period counterparts.
fresh	We wait in vain for that bout of unrestrained passion to put an exclamation point on the threesome.
rotten	If nothing else, "Beloved Sisters" is one of the most visually striking biopics around. Too bad you have to wade through so much verbiage in order to enjoy it.
rotten	Without at least the tawdry pleasure of a little bodice ripping, the film moves along sluggishly, even though it is well acted and handsomely shot.
fresh	A much better version of its genre and its scenario than the average.
rotten	When an occasional blast of purple dialogue is triggered (such as ''Save me from my passion!''), it only makes you wish for the unintellectual bodice ripper that the movie should have been.
fresh	Beautiful historical drama passionately depicts political, social, cultural revolutionary fervor sweeping 18 century Europe inspires 2 women to find ways around restrictions.
fresh	As speculative history inspired by a true story, this epic period melodrama would have made for some juicy 18th-century German tabloid fodder.
fresh	"Beloved Sisters" might scratch your costume drama itch, but it's not among the genre's best.
fresh	If more historical movies were like Beloved Sisters, the term "costume drama" would be less of an insult.
fresh	As lengthy and passionate as a drawn-out kiss, "Beloved Sisters" is a beautifully made romantic drama set in 18th century Germany that's smart, sensual and emotionally resonant.
fresh	The two actresses navigate the emotional complexity of their roles with quicksilver intuition and what seems like near-bottomless empathy.
rotten	With its dearth of substance and its wandering focus, this is a middlebrow bodice-ripper posing as an epic that hasn't the foggiest idea of what it wants to say.
fresh	This is a world where everyone is continually waiting for letters, visitors, inheritances, and a future that promises personal and political freedom; as such, it can't help but be poignant.
rotten	The resulting menage a trois is the driving force behind this handsomely produced if occasionally rather old-fashioned feeling period drama, which plays like a soap opera in which the characters just happen to have better manners and finery.
fresh	An unusually intelligent costume drama of bold personalities torn between the stirrings of the heart and the logic of the mind, while casting his revealing gaze upon Western Europe's bumpy transition from the 18th to 19th century.
fresh	There's nothing airless or genteel about it; on the contrary, it fairly seethes with life and passion, like the three sides of the doomed love triangle it describes.
fresh	An in-depth and extensive exploration of an unconventional love affair in a highly conventional society.
fresh	Those who do take on Beloved Sisters' nearly three-hour running time and somnambulant appeal will discover a surprisingly modern story of women who dared to flaunt convention and approach love, marriage and society on their own terms.
fresh	Graf freshens the pretty period trappings with a headlong embrace of every old-fashioned detail: omniscient narration, characters directly addressing the camera, intertitles.
rotten	The movie is gorgeous, awash in lavish costumes and stunningly detailed sets. But it's merely a wash thematically, leaving us with 170 minutes (!) of unabashedly grandiose fan fiction.
fresh	A wonderful, literate yet humanly engaging portrait of a famous, rumored menage a trois which makes the entire era come thrillingly to life.
rotten	The handsomely mounted, beautifully acted epic biopic succeeds in reducing the lives of three important figures in German literary history to a rather banal love triangle.
fresh	Tensions mount in the film's somewhat creaky second half. Still, Graf maps these complications with deftness and sensitivity.
fresh	It goes down easy, like high-grade comfort food. But with revolution in the air (both literal and sexual), the ache of the three leads is enough to sweep you up.
fresh	Fascinating subject, a period lovingly created, but weakly cast and rather tediously filmed and narrated.
fresh	Beloved Sisters moves at an almost breathless clip, without ever violating its characters' slow sense of time, which is defined by horse-drawn coaches and posted letters.
fresh	More speculative period fiction than fact, albeit a marginally diverting one.
fresh	An alluring performance by Hanna Herzsprung as a passionate, creative, and accomplished woman who is used to getting what she wants.
rotten	A forgettable non-event ... almost as aggravating as David Cronenberg's A Dangerous Method.
fresh	It blossoms into a breezily utopian depiction of a menage a trois whose entirely matter-of-fact presentation sets up an intriguing dissonance with the prim period setting.
fresh	Anchored by a nicely understated performance by Seann William Scott, "Just Before I Go" effectively juggles a wealth of genuine, at times profound, emotion with quite a bit of nutty-raunchy humor.
rotten	Lurches along a wobbly line between salacious comic nastiness and nauseating sentimentality.
rotten	Courteney Cox's misbegotten project is a comedy-drama that, to Cox's credit, doesn't feel at all like a TV sitcom. The former "Friends" star clearly wanted something special, but sadly the result is ... this.
rotten	Cox must have seen something in this screenplay that encouraged her to film it, but whatever that critical element was, it's not apparent in the finished product.
rotten	Courteney Cox's directorial debut "Just Before I Go" is a "Garden State" retread in which filthy jokes gradually cede ground to sentimental slush.
rotten	A serious misfire.
rotten	Fails at finding a balance between its crass jokes and serious subject matter.
rotten	Erratic and confounding in its fractured storytelling, Rachid Bouchareb's first foray into filmmaking in the U.S., 'Two Men in Town,' is a mixed bag.
rotten	Frustratingly close to something very special indeed. If only it had a screenplay to match the visuals and performances, we'd be talking about a small classic.
fresh	It'll be easy for some to dismiss this as a familiar story told all too coolly, but look closer and you'll see it has a raging heart.
rotten	As exceptional as the acting in the picture is, and it is wonderful ... it can't entirely lift the movie from the rut it has all but plowed into by the end credits.
rotten	The desert landscapes are gorgeously shot by Yves Cape, but "Two Men in Town" never seems to fully inhabit its setting. Nor does the schematic, occasionally clumsy story do justice to the skills of the cast.
rotten	The setting is striking, the cast impressive. But "Two Men in Town," a drama that's built on dread and circles the question of redemption for a newly released prisoner, falls short of the mythic territory it aspires to.
fresh	The movie's melancholic, atmospheric tone, coupled with a muted performance from Whitaker, offers a new way into the material.
fresh	Eventually fails to live up to its initial promise, but as an overview of human frailty, it contains several powerful scenes that allow the cast room to articulate complex emotions in an honest manner.
fresh	Even if the accents are questionable or inconsistent, there's still a sense of place and geography that's rare in contemporary American film. This is the county-sized world of a parolee, where everything seems small except the horizon.
rotten	Bouchareb's free adaptation benefits from Brenda Blethyn's well-modulated performance, yet the over-signaled narrative feels like a rehash, and the leaps of faith required are wider than Dead Man's Gulch.
rotten	What seems meant as a scorching indictment of American injustice and prejudice, or perhaps the searing character study of a cornered man, just ends up looking wishy-washy and old-fashioned.
fresh	While this puzzling remake can sometimes shudder tonally, Forest Whitaker plays smooth and true throughout.
rotten	There are a handful of brilliant scenes (one between Whitaker and his adoptive mother played by Ellen Burstyn stands out), however they're few and far between.
rotten	Archetypal modern Western noir... with most of its edge rubbed off.
fresh	Blethyn is wonderful as an all-too-rare character, a middle-aged woman who holds her own in a position of authority over violent men.
fresh	The age-old search for the fountain of youth is engagingly appraised in "The Immortalists," a lively documentary focusing on a pair of very different biomedical scientists who are equally obsessed with eradicating the ravages of time.
fresh	A very well-mounted film, with outstanding contributions in Alvarado's cinematography and Eric Andrew Kuhn's subtly expressive score.
fresh	This sly documentary rises above its speculative hook by shifting to show the very human, and very mortal, sides of these would-be warriors of eternity.
fresh	spending so much time on their admittedly eccentric personal lives--time that could have been used to explain more of the science and their particular theories and approaches--was not the best choice.
rotten	Should you find the prospect of immortality terrifying, as I do, the film has a vast philosophical hole at its center, and passes with only occasional spikes of interest.
rotten	Some voices of reason and skepticism do make an appearance to rebut and deflate Bill and Aubrey's monumental claims, but aren't allowed to fully elaborate on their arguments.
rotten	Would that the film encouraged some deeper thought on the matter instead of inviting viewers to gawk at the subjects as if they were freak-show attractions.
fresh	[An] absorbing documentary.
fresh	Their science is not particularly reputable (in the course of the film, one loses funding for his lab and the other leaves academia to start a research fiefdom with his own inheritance), but they are fun to watch.
fresh	Even if it doesn't convince us they're likely to conquer death before it comes for them, the film does prompt interesting debates about just how desirable an unlimited stay on Planet Earth would be.
fresh	The ultimate triumph in what Amalric has done is to show us all the different forces that can be at work in an affair.
fresh	Even in a trial with everything at stake, we can't know what actually happened in the past
fresh	Bracing, brisk and technically dazzling, Mathieu Amalric's The Blue Room is the rare movie you might wish was a bit longer...
fresh	Even viewers that want a conventional ending will find the journey toward the conclusion intriguing, even if they are left with a discomforting view of humanity.
fresh	A dazzling deconstruction of the mystery genre that turns its conventions on their heads.
fresh	I really cannot find anything specifically wrong with the film in a strict sense. But I am left with a profound sense of "so what?" by the movie.
fresh	Lacking in originality and nearly devoid of sunlight, this elegant psychological study is nine parts caution for every one part closure.
fresh	Arrives in time to be an unintentional companion piece to a more ambitious and elaborate story of murder, marital infidelity and mismatched testimony, 'Gone Girl.'
fresh	In "The Blue Room," we don't learn anything new about infidelity's destructive, alluring power, but we're reminded all over again in forceful fashion.
rotten	If anything, it's a backhanded testimony to the plodding effectiveness of detail-minded detective work and the slow grinding of the bureaucratic justice machine.
fresh	A compact but structurally diffuse psychological thriller [that] honors Simenon, but in ways that might frustrate a segment of its audience.
fresh	Amalric plays up the ambiguity and brings it all home in a tight 75 minutes, a time that would have impressed Simenon, who wrote and revised novels in less than two weeks.
fresh	'The Blue Room" is a tight little look at love gone wrong, something of a stripped-down French "Gone Girl" without the surprises.
fresh	...an icy, elegant murder mystery that's longer on style than it is on conventional storytelling.
fresh	This is a slight movie with an efficient 76-minute runtime, but it never seems to find the higher gear it is searching for.
fresh	Part Alfred Hitchcock razor's edge and part Douglas Sirk sadness.
fresh	It's an accomplished film, if a bit cool and tidy; you wish there were a little more to it.
rotten	The pleasure of a whodunit generally derives from trying to figure out who done it, but in the case of this arty, terminally obscure French mystery, most of the story has already transpired before one can even piece together what was done.
rotten	In eschewing the organically exploitative elements of his murder tale (and subsequent courtroom drama), [Amalric] committed the second murder in this movie by killing its tension.
fresh	The Blue Room is mesmerizing, psychologically complex, and, at the very end, viscerally devastating. They don't make them like this much anymore, but they should.
rotten	The film is so bloodless that you don't care which legal side wins. Even the boudoir scenes are drab.
fresh	"The Blue Room" is the kind of film that demands to be seen more than once.
fresh	A little film noir gem. Will someone now bring back Maigret?
fresh	"Blue Room" demonstrates that, as a director, Amalric has begun to master the medium. Now he needs to work on expanding his palette.
fresh	As a storyteller, Amalric is a master of manipulation, first leading the audience in one direction and then another.
fresh	The Blue Room is a story about sexual desire as an overwhelming force, incapable of being ignored or mistaken, and about the ambiguity of almost everything else: memory, language, actions and motives.
rotten	"The Blue Room" feels like only two acts of a three-act story. With a whole other movement and 25 more minutes, this could have been an entirely satisfying picture.
fresh	"an enjoyably twisty whodunnit with some intelligently suggestive mise en scene."
fresh	The entire cast and technical crew are fantastic -- but The Blue Room is nowhere near as vibrant as it could be.
fresh	Tense, intriguing and will keep the viewer off-balance.
fresh	It is a quiet but intense and closely observed piece of work.
fresh	"The Blue Room" often feels like a work of cinematic futurism, not dissimilar to the films of Steven Soderbergh. It constructs ideal romantic and erotic zones, only to eye them from a clinical remove mere seconds later.
rotten	Amalric throws in flashbacks and flash-forwards between bedroom and courthouse, and I was reminded again why I prefer my noirs in the hardboiled American style rather than tricked up with all this faux Alain Resnais-style filigree.
fresh	Modest, engaging, beautifully told and executed, The Blue Room is a triumph of perfect casting and its authentic small-town setting peopled with familiar types. But the film builds from such familiarity as a slow drip of who-dun-what and how.
fresh	One of most exciting things about The Blue Room is that it celebrates the radical fragmentation of Alain Resnais's 1963 film Muriel -- a nostalgic blast for modernists, reminding us that, by and large, they don't cut them like they used to.
fresh	Mr. Amalric's direction remains graceful through the story's violent turns, its mood changes and tone shifts.
fresh	Every revelation registers in the gifted Amalric's gaze: infinitesimal physical mutations, emotional detonations.
fresh	The teasing pace creates a noirish tension that, alas, peters out by the time the justice system decides Julien's fate.
fresh	The Blue Room pieces together the details of its plot like a jigsaw puzzle, but seeing the final picture is not its principal pleasure.
fresh	The real mystery is not a whodunit but the unplumbed narcissistic and masochistic depths of the male ego.
fresh	The mystery is pretty low-key and the resolution somewhat disappointing. But Amalric is mesmerizing and the film's taut, chilly tone leaves us unnerved.
fresh	[Amalric's] leanest, most morose, and most handsomely accomplished work, distinguished by enigmatic close-ups, lush orchestrations, and delicate lighting.
fresh	A chilling and creatively structure French murder mystery tale.
fresh	The thrilling chutzpah of The Blue Room's opening salvo gets lost in the intricate curlicues of the plot, which take away much of its illicit rush.
rotten	It's a phenomenally executed exercise that, like its protagonist's memory, is too wispy for its own good.
fresh	Palpable, reeking of moral seediness and disrepair.
fresh	Particularly intriguing is that this is not a who dunnit but a what-done-what. A crime is committed, but we don't know even what the crime is until considerably into the picture.
fresh	Most shots have the feel of still photos, the camera firmly planted and the actors not moving much, and the movie always hustles us to the next, back and forward in time, the effect part Resnais and part staccato Kodak slideshow.
fresh	[Amalric's] latest effort, The Blue Room (La Chambre bleue), takes a cue from both classic Hollywood noir and the time-shuffling narratives of the late Alain Resnais, telling a familiar story in ways that can feel compellingly new.
fresh	Thank heaven for French movies like Mathieu Amalric's The Blue Room, which compactly addresses the ecstasies and occasionally dangerous consequences of intimate contact.
fresh	What impresses most in this modern-day update of the 1964 novel is Amalric's total dedication to making the passion between Julien and Esther feel palpable, since the entire story hinges on their rapport.
fresh	The film abounds in guilt and grief, reveling in a general sense of hopelessly broken social connection.
fresh	Well-acted (especially by Amalric who is extremely compelling), beautifully shot and unimpeachably crafted, it's a graceful rendering of a nasty little story that could have benefited from a little more formal nastiness too.
fresh	The Blue Room is a great little film - a slicing, rapid-fire report on adultery and possible foul play.
rotten	Mathieu Amalric's adaptation of Georges Simenon's mystery novel honors the text, but misses the atmosphere.
fresh	Amalric's handling is cool, studied and perhaps a little self-conscious. But he does a good job of showing how adultery is a noose that tightens at the throat even before an actual crime is committed ...
fresh	This is a clipped, fragmented piece of cinematic modernism, shuffling its time frames in a staccato narrative that makes for a tense, involving experience from start to finish.
fresh	Amalric has a deft touch and has made a fine and mature directorial debut.
fresh	More like a visual poem than a fully formed exploration of grief, guilt, teen angst or feeling like an outsider
fresh	The material is undeniably shopworn, but Johnson's spin on it is low-key and vivid.
fresh	As a filmmaker, Johnson has an experimental way with a camera that shows promise for the future.
rotten	... too slight and formulaic to have much of an impact.
fresh	[Instead of being] "yet another" coming-of-age/identity-quest film [...] All the Wilderness is interlaced with literate and interesting characters.
fresh	Coming of age yarns sink or swim based on their protagonist. The minds behind All the Wilderness chose well with Kodi Smit-McPhee.
fresh	Many young filmmakers tell somewhat similar coming-of-age stories about lost characters, but Johnson allows the movie to become a place that his young hero can get lost in.
rotten	Ultimately amounts to a visually ambitious tone poem about the none-too-surprising caprices of male adolescence.
fresh	Affected and slow, and more concerned with mood than plot, this moony first feature from Michael Johnson uses its Portland, Ore., setting as a canvas for mapping a course from isolation to companionship.
rotten	Covers familiar territory in a decent but not terribly compelling fashion...a gentle, understated but only fitfully affecting tale of a teen's psychological turmoil.
fresh	"All the Wilderness" seems tailor-made to play to the actor's strengths - Johnson's script is as lean as Smit-McPhee, both proving adept at doing more with less.
fresh	A familiar but insightful debut.
fresh	First-time writer/director Michael Johnson falls back on coming-of-age cliches. But overall, his sensitive, moody camerawork and the cast's strong performances go a long way toward making the familiar feel fresh.
rotten	More of a demo reel than a complete picture, watching the helmer forgo a plot to perfect his lighting, plasticizing the rise of adolescent awareness.
rotten	Johnson unquestionably has his heart in the right place, but he's made a commonplace film built around one of those too-fragile-for-this-world teens who can be traced directly back to Timothy Hutton in Ordinary People.
fresh	"All The Wilderness" may ultimately be hindered by a narrow scope, but within that view, director Michael Johnson gets pretty much every detail right.
rotten	The stakes of All The Wilderness aren't high, because Johnson never directs his attentions to the real issue at hand.
rotten	Covers a lot of overly familiar morbid teen-who-finds-love ground.
fresh	In spite of the tatty "coming of age" familiarity, Johnson's vision seems fresh and vibrant.
fresh	The images gorgeously embody both the fear and the beauty of James's exploratory experiments with socialization.
fresh	The opening ad closing 20 minutes prove difficult but what comes in between is exciting and unexpected, symbolising the excitement and difficulty of discovering who you are.
fresh	Despite being Michael Johnson's debut, The Wilderness Of James seems like the work of a veteran director, as it deals with one boy's struggles in a heartfelt and powerful way.
fresh	Mixing animation and documentary in evocative ways, Last Hijack is an illuminating look at the thrill and the toll of Somali piracy.
fresh	Easily one of the best documentaries of 2014, "Last Hijack" explores the motivations, circumstances, fears and dreams of a real-life pirate in an admirably objective fashion, while also visualizing his thoughts via gorgeous, lucid-dream-like animation.
fresh	LAST HIJACK isn't an especially entertaining film, but it's a troubling one and worth seeing even if only for the insight into this phenomenon that it provides.
fresh	With intriguing use of animation, this doc reminds us that pirates may be ordinary citizens struggling to make a living.
fresh	The dark, surreal animation unearths the personal side of the story: its nightmarish aspect and traumas.
fresh	It's an ungainly documentary featuring animated sequences, but it also gives a sense of a country ruined by tribal wars and menaced by the temptation of easy cash.
rotten	Disjointed and unfocused, "Last Hijack" adds precious little to this body of work.
fresh	But what Tommy Pallotta and Femke Wolting's smart, well-rounded documentary understands is another quite obvious explanation: Piracy in this scenario is not only a way to make easy money in a poverty- and war-ravaged land, it's an addictive thrill.
fresh	An incredibly effective partnership between necessarily cinematic psychological portraiture and in-depth, informative context online
fresh	Despite providing a sober and hauntingly frustrated glimpse into a world that most Western eyes will never get to see for themselves, this portrait of life as a Somali pirate is limited by what the camera can't see.
fresh	[Directors] Pallotta and Wolting try to show the human side of the Somali pirate epidemic, but they don't quite achieve their goal.
fresh	It intriguingly invites us to think about the forces that can drive a seemingly ordinary guy like Mohamed to do something so desperate and cruel as piracy.
fresh	The filmmakers have gotten extraordinary access to Mohamed and ravaged Somalia.
fresh	Quirky romcom parody has some mature content.
rotten	"Lovesick" lives up to its title, as it's hard to feel anything but nausea after sitting through it.
rotten	The lead character here, quite deeply disturbed, is actually presented as a worthy romantic hero.
fresh	Although "Lovesick" plays more like an extended sitcom episode than a full-fledged feature film, the script by Dean Young contains enough genuine laughs and amusing moments to keep this slight romantic farce afloat.
rotten	With the reek of straight-to-video wafting from every frame, "Lovesick" astonishes most by its appearance in an actual theater.
fresh	A light-hearted romantic comedy about jealousy.
rotten	It's not love that is sick-it's the fact that Matheny ended a four-year wait to return to filmmaking with such a disposable, banal project.
rotten	Matt LeBlanc is so great on Showtime's "Episodes" that it's both baffling and depressing to imagine that this soulless rom-com was the best big-screen project available to him.
rotten	Audiences should know well enough to stay away from this perversely bland, achingly dull romantic comedy.
fresh	LeBlanc and Larter carry the day with a spectrum of charm missing from too many entries in this shaky, persistent genre.
rotten	Hot Tub Time Machine 2 is a miserable movie.
rotten	Essentially this sequel is far too preoccupied with boobs, stroking the male ego and crass, old-fashioned jokes to deliver anything engaging or truly witty.
rotten	Flush this one away.
rotten	Man-worship and dated gross-out gags can't elevate the material above the terminally boring. Who knew?
rotten	The film's belated sequel has the same director, three-quarters of its lead cast and one-third of its writing team, but in the intervening five years, all seem to have forgotten why the original worked and what it meant.
rotten	This is the kind of movie that will make you want to go back in time -- to the moment before you made the rash decision to start watching it.
rotten	This is asphyxiate-on-your-own popcorn unfunny, exhaustingly stupid and a waste of twelve quid.
rotten	The result is 93 minutes of your life you'll never wish to revisit.
fresh	A follow-up that's both funny and filthy.
rotten	The relentless spitballing yields sporadic snorts, but with women reduced to walk-on titparts between stale knob gags, it absolutely feels like the bromance's final, desperate throbs ...
rotten	The only thing that crosses your mind after seeing this is whether it's possible to travel back around 93 minutes and opt to see something else.
rotten	Not so much a movie as a mismatched mix of dick jokes and rampant homophobia. I'm kidding: There aren't any actual jokes here.
rotten	Pink and company double down on half-hearted culture clash moments, red herrings galore, extra-gratuitous incidents of testicular trauma, and Lou's downright toxic personality.
rotten	Fans of the first film will note the problematic lack of balance; without Cusack's notably sour contribution, Hot Tub Time Machine 2 sinks in a sea of its own bodily fluids.
fresh	Steve Pink didn't add to the original with this sequel in terms of story depth or character development, but come on, the film is called Hot Tub Time Machine 2.
rotten	It's a dull, lazy, scattershot would-be comedy about a group of mostly unlikable characters who have all the depth of the Three Stooges in the Curly Joe era.
fresh	Provided you find any of this funny, the anarchic spirit can be exhilarating, but don't waste too much energy on it.
rotten	Choppy, tangentially related scenes follow upon one another, dragged further down by witless dialogue and nasty behavior.
rotten	...an embarrassment to all concerned.
rotten	I really liked the first one. This one...not so much.
rotten	Crass, homophobic, misogynistic sequel - pull the plug and empty the Jacuzzi!
fresh	A gut-busting glimpse into a future in which only the cars are smart.
rotten	It's raunchy, foul-mouthed and occasionally funny.
rotten	The humor is seldom character-based: It's more a matter of actors saying whatever outrageous thing springs to mind at that moment.
rotten	Hot Tub Time Machine 2 is so bad it might make you question your allegiance to the original Hot Tub Time Machine.
rotten	Returning director Steve Pink and screenwriter Josh Heald re-create the goofball, quick-tempo chaos of their original film. It's a silly, gross-out frolic that's often irritating but somehow turns tolerable.
rotten	The 1980s are nowhere to be found in Hot Tub Time Machine 2, a bummer for those who still want their MTV.
rotten	It's early, but Hot Tub Time Machine 2 has secured a healthy lead as the worst sequel of 2015. Your move Paul Blart: Mall Cop 2.
rotten	A lazily plotted excuse to set up gross-out gags 10 years in the future.
rotten	Sans the original's redemptive nostalgia or any newfound cleverness, it's just a manic, flop-sweat-drenched mess.
rotten	Hot Tub Time Machine 2 plays like a film in outline form, where the bullet points are all on the page, but no one has connected them together yet.
rotten	Corddry, Robinson, Duke, and Scott have their partisans in the audience, but they're not actors who can carry a movie, even when it's split four ways -- not when their default settings tend to be some variation on "big baby" and "obnoxious jerk.
fresh	Hot Tub Time Machine 2 is basically a sillier version of an already silly concept - but that doesn't mean it isn't fun.
rotten	Hot Tub Time Machine 2 commits the two biggest sins of the dudebro comedy genre legitimized by the success of The Hangover series. The first is that this sequel exists at all.
rotten	While the original was clever and funny from start to finish, this painfully written sequel offers the exact opposite and takes away any charm audience were expecting.
rotten	An outright stinker.
rotten	It seems as if no one knew what they were doing here, or what they wanted to say, and so it's up to the cast to kill time riffing on each other.
fresh	HTTM 2 is fine, and fun, but there's little about it that mandates seeing on the big screen rather than waiting for Netflix.
rotten	Pretty much a total waste of time and energy.
fresh	The water in the tub is still lukewarm and it's pretty disgusting in places but tepid or not, I got a few laughs out of it and the outtakes at the end were funny!
rotten	[I]t's pretty clear that Hot Tub Machine 2 is running on creative fumes...
rotten	It's quite limited in its imagination, its laugh quotient, and its appeal. I wish I could turn back the hands of time and prevent this flick from getting green-lit. (Full Content Review -- Sex, Profanity, Violence, etc. -- for Parents also available)
rotten	I loved the first film, but if I could, I would travel back in time and tell my 2010 self to dial that review down a couple of notches. Just in case it somehow encouraged the making of this sequel.
rotten	Unlike the original film that contained a nostalgic 1980s romp held together by funny central performances, this second helping is like a confused collection of outtakes.
rotten	One of the most aggressively, grotesquely off-putting movies I have ever seen
rotten	Hot Tub Time Machine 2 is the proverbial turd in the Jacuzzi - you can't pin down who's responsible, but it's a floater that ruins the party.
rotten	In the future, in the past, at all points along the space-time continuum, the Theory of the Teenage Male Mind throws everything out of whack.
rotten	Hot Tub Time Machine 2 feels tepid, uninspiring, and comically hollow. It's about as innocuous and boring as a sequel can get and about as messy and unappealing as a hotel jacuzzi.
rotten	Place your odds on this easily capturing a spot on 2015's Worst Films list if not earning the top spot.
rotten	Any way one spins it, this is a bad movie. It's cheap-looking. It's asinine. It's dull. It's thoroughly unsatisfying. And, at 93 minutes, the proceedings earn a whopping two laughs tucked inside a tidal wave of misery.
rotten	The Platonic ideal of a sorta-welcome sequel no one needs. Like "Harold and Kumar Escape from Guantanamo Bay" or "Horrible Bosses 2" before it, "Hot Tub Time Machine 2" proves some bottles aren't built for much more than a single bolt of lightning.
rotten	Not that there were a ton of expectations for Hot Tub Time Machine 2, but however modest they were the film fails to meet them.
rotten	It's terribly easy to screw up a moderately good thing by making an inferior sequel.
fresh	If one has to sit in front of a jet spray of degradation gags, better it feel like the occasional seltzer spritz than a fire hose blast to the crotch.
rotten	So witless and unfunny and shoddily made it makes The Hangover 2 look like The Godfather 2.
rotten	An early candidate for worst sequel of 2015 and also worst movie.
rotten	As could have been predicted, "Hot Tub Time Machine 2" is vastly inferior to the first "Hot Tub," but it's not stupid so much as desperately frantic.
rotten	Remember how bad you thought the original movie was going to be? That.
rotten	It's difficult to imagine a movie more vulgar and crass than this, or one more likely to evoke groans of disgust than gales of laughter.
rotten	Compared with last time, the returning team of director Steve Pink and writer Josh Heald practically doodle the gang's motivations and worse, their surroundings.
fresh	Prediction: If you liked the original, you will probably enjoy a return soaking. If you did not tolerate that kind of idiocy the first time, I guarantee you will not want to see the sequel.
rotten	We won't say that we didn't laugh, but we did about as much as you'd guess while watching a movie named "Hot Tub Time Machine 2" sober.
rotten	The sequel takes everything that was good about the first film - a raunchy, though affectionate, take on how guys look back on the moment when their lives went south - and makes it seem accidental.
rotten	more or less a complete disaster
fresh	It really seems like Hot Tub Time Machine 2 figured out what worked about the first one and focused on that.
rotten	If you have to ask yourself whether this film is for you, it isn't.
rotten	You can only catch lightning in a bottle once with something called Hot Tub Time Machine, and John Cusack's buddies are drowning in this without him. Without Cusack, the trio lack warmth and grab at every penis joke they can.
rotten	"Hot Tub Time Machine 2" is a movie that didn't need to be made, and certainly doesn't need to be seen - not when you can rent the original and still feel good about yourself afterward.
rotten	It's watchable, which is the kind of faint praise that usually damns a movie, but in this case is a credit to Robinson's and Corddry's performances ...
rotten	For those who liked the first movie and find a plethora of penis jokes hilarious, this is a fitting sequel. But others should stay away.
rotten	It's just bad. It's boring, folks.
fresh	Proof that not all hit movies merit sequels.
rotten	Hot Tub Time Machine 2 is the kid in class who makes fart noises for a quick laugh, only he doesn't stop for an hour and a half - and he never gets funnier.
rotten	Only fans of the first movie will want to make time for this occasionally inspired, mostly tedious follow-up.
rotten	A douchebaggery-bedazzled sack of misery.
rotten	Josh Heald's script takes the easy way out, ending the film with a torrent of slapdash sentimentality.
fresh	The funniest movie we currently have that involves a hot tub capable of time travel.
rotten	There's another time problem here: namely, the minutes that drag between one laugh and the next.
rotten	Returning director Steve Pink often simply shows his actors a prop -- a piece of furniture, say -- and asks them to make jokes about it.
rotten	Somehow, five years of development and execution have resulted in a slapdash sequel, pumping the brakes on what could've been a wonderfully ludicrous franchise.
rotten	A flop-sweaty cash grab that gives a bad name to sequels in which key talent has jumped ship, Steve Pink's Hot Tub Time Machine 2 leaps forward rather than backward in time and sort of makes one wish the world had ended while it was en route.
rotten	Though some of it works, a lot of it feels rehashed from the first film.
rotten	I hated Hot Tub Time Machine 2 so much I now can't even think about the first one without feeling annoyed.
fresh	Internal logic ... lends "Hot Tub Time Machine 2" not only its rough-and-ready comic vigor, but also a surprising measure of thematic integrity.
rotten	The smart plotting of the first film is completely gone; this time the script barely bothers with the central mystery, preferring to lurch from one unfunny set piece to another.
rotten	The first movie was raunchy, but this one is just rude - with plenty of bodily fluids being flung around, and far too many jokes about genitals.
rotten	If I could bubble a time machine to 2010, I'd advise Pink, "Quit while you're ahead."
rotten	With humor that makes Bill & Ted seem intelligent, this sequel is pretty much garbage. We had to wait five years for this?
rotten	Cusack didn't miss much.
rotten	At its best the series milks its inability to care much into absudist jokes -a blob of non-sequiturs where rules are made to be ignored and broken. But it's not often at its best.
fresh	Politically charged and viscerally moving, Leviathan is a powerful film that challenges viewers to think about the injustices in the world that evade our tunnel vision.
fresh	A long slog of a Russian tragedy that doesn't let its protagonist or the audience off the hook.
fresh	A bleak but very well realized portrait of hopelessness and despair in modern Russia.
fresh	If anyone is curious what life is like for the average battler in Vladimir Putin's Russia, Leviathan, the masterly new film from director Andrey Zvyagintsev, offers some revealing and disturbing answers.
fresh	A scathing and sorrowful critique of an ailing society
fresh	Few directors today can get so much weight and psychological depth into such mesmerizing visuals.
fresh	A brutal Russian masterpiece.
fresh	I think it's a good -- albeit specialized -- film, but considerably shy of greatness -- perhaps because it seems so very convinced of its greatness and importance.
fresh	...starts out on a reasonably human scale, as a domestic drama about an ordinary man trying to hold on to what his luck has brought him. It ends up an epic, a movie with biblical ambitions, a haunting story about a modern Job.
fresh	With garlands galore, Leviathan sets up high expectations, with its warts and all glimpse into Putin's Russia, a dictatorship in all but name but one without an ideology - except to steal money
fresh	We are very pointedly set down in a place where cynicism rules and the fix is built in.
fresh	Zvyagintsev's purpose here is to indict not just Vadim (who is really a stand-in for Putin himself), but the entire Russian bureaucracy, as rotten, as ugly and as immovable as those bleached whale bones on the beach.
fresh	This and Zvyagintsev's three previous films -- The Return, The Banishment and the underrated "Elena -- consistently convey quiet menace, as characters likable and unlikable move inexorably toward suffering.
fresh	Zvyagintsev's brutal, beautiful fourth feature won the best screenplay prize at Cannes and, astoundingly, was selected as Russia's official entry in the foreign-language Oscar race (by whom and has anyone seen him lately?).
fresh	is, among other things, the ultimate fictional study of life under Putin, and I don't doubt it's the kind of film they could kill you for making.
fresh	The one devouring behemoth we see is a construction crane, eating away the exterior of a house with its metal maw. The movie's more sinister and insatiable monster is less visible: It is the modern Russian bureaucracy, at its most entrenched and corrupt.
fresh	Leviathan director Andrey Zvyagintsev has a grim view of the Russian state -- and the idea that its power knows no limits.
fresh	In a nation that is prone to epic novels and plays of desperate tragedy and ennui, "Leviathan" fits right in, and is nicely framed by a score by Philip Glass. Anton Chekhov would have been proud.
fresh	Early and strong contender for this year's best miserable time at the movies.
fresh	Heavy stuff but highly rewarding, and an illuminating look into a country still steeped in its brutal past.
fresh	The Russian Federation's 2015 Academy Award entry in the Best Foreign Language Film category (it lost to Poland's Ida) lives up to its title and then some.
fresh	Change the things you can, accept the things you cannot, and go to jail and die either way.
fresh	A novel-like monument to the evil that plagues humanity.
fresh	Yes, this could happen anywhere, but you get the feeling it happens often in Russia. The only real hope here is that a movie this hard on the motherland could be made there.
fresh	"Leviathan" plays like downer Tolstoy, masterfully specific to these people and unforgivingly allegorical toward the country at large.
fresh	The angry grandeur of its despair over how ordinary people get screwed by the powerful may be uniquely Russian, but it will hit home everywhere.
fresh	Zvyagintsev pretty much tells Russia's deadliest fish to stick it in his blowhole. And does it in scintillating, epic style.
fresh	A story of political and spiritual corruption, of men and women accustomed to power, and of others fighting against it.
fresh	At times the movie suggests a Cheech and Chong comedy with cannabis replaced by vodka.
fresh	Would you have enjoyed "A Serious Man" more if it had been set in Russia and been even more bleak?
fresh	A scathing movie about the soul-crushing failures of Putin's government.
fresh	The sense of occasion is immense; the subject matter bleak. Russian filmmaker Andrey Zvyagintsev is in complete command with Leviathan, his mammoth film about little people fighting for their lives, or even a shred of dignity.
fresh	It's a challenging, lengthy film, with some key moments transpiring off screen, but one that rewards effort.
fresh	A dark, bitter commentary on how absolute power corrupts absolutely and smashes those who resist it.
fresh	An observant and skillfully crafted film about corruption in modern-day Russia.
fresh	Enormously captivating, a study of oppression, human nature and the effect of the two things upon each other.
fresh	This is a portrait of people living under constant duress, trying to drown their sorrows in a bottle and sometimes behaving in misguided ways that will free them, if only temporarily, from their grim reality.
fresh	The film you expect it to be by the one-fifth mark is pretty much exactly the film it proves to be. But it's a stellar execution of that movie.
fresh	Zvyagintsev builds to a crescendo with the force of an ocean storm..."Leviathan" is a great, literary work of existential despair, as magnificent as its titular creature.
fresh	Call it what you like - a modern Russian epic, a crime drama, a black comedy or a scream in the dark - Leviathan is a shaggy masterpiece.
fresh	It's early in the year, but I suspect it's still not a stretch to say that the geography in Andrey Zvyagintsev's Leviathan are some of the most quietly evocative landscapes of the year.
fresh	Andrey Zvyagintsev's Oscar-nominated and vodka-soaked satire of modern Russia, which plays more like tragedy.
fresh	As harshly beautiful as the Barents Sea coastline where it is set, this parable inspired in part by the biblical tale of Job dumps more misfortune than one hapless man should ever have to endure.
fresh	From its chamber-piece delicacy and bureaucratic detail to a grandeur and implacable pessimism that seem as ancient as the land itself, "Leviathan" is a distinctly Russian tragedy.
fresh	It's strong work that's not always satisfying, but its silent power registers as intended, creating a hypnotic atmosphere of unrest that fuels several sensational scenes and a decidedly unsettling conclusion.
fresh	This is quite a movie, a bitter and compassionate work of genius that will reward repeat viewings and keep on getting better.
fresh	Here she is, Mother Russia in all her corrupt, bloated glory...and despair. A biting parable as enervating as a day-long vodka binge.
fresh	The masterful script deals with telling words.
fresh	As in their previous feature, Elena, Zvyagintsev and cowriter Oleg Negin modulate their social critique with sharp, ironic humor.
fresh	In all its unrelenting bleakness, Leviathan is a commanding work.
fresh	It's a small story set in a memorably desolate location. The actors, all quite magnificent, enlarge it ...
rotten	Doesn't pull back the curtain on anything.
fresh	Zvyagintsev hardly bothers to disguise his momentous, taut allegory of world-weariness in contemporary Russia, nor his interest in ever larger, ever-unanswerable questions. -
fresh	One of the outstanding films of 2014, Leviathan lives up to its title: it's a behemoth of intelligent contemporary cinema.
fresh	Nothing will surprise Zvyagintsev fans more than discovering how funny the film is, as the helmer and co-writer Oleg Negin extend the darkly satirical streak they began with Elena.
fresh	Involving, funny, uplifting, shocking, intellectually and emotionally stimulating.
fresh	Leviathan itself feels like a brave, lonely act of rebellion against the system, deeply pessimistic about the possibility of it ever working in the people's favor.
fresh	The movie strikes a tone that's both spiritually poignant and ominous at the same time.
fresh	Andrei Zvyagintsev's fourth feature is a thriller, a black social comedy, and a thinly veiled swipe at Putin's regime in one tidy package.
fresh	Smarter, denser, and more profound that what usually gets nominated for Best Foreign Language Film.
fresh	A devasating film as starkly beautiful as its setting.
fresh	'Leviathan' is structured as an intimate suspense story, with a Job-like hero on whom all sorts of hell will be visited by an uncaring state.
fresh	Superbly performed, plotted and composed, this movie takes a rotten system as a given backdrop for the frustrations, betrayals and rage people inflict on themselves and each other.
fresh	For all his failings, Kolya, in the movie's terms, is a natural man, and so his fate in fighting his implacable enemies in the state has a mythic resonance. The movie would not be as powerful as it is if he were haloed.
fresh	It's a rigorous and challenging workout for the soul.
fresh	True to its title, Leviathan is a big film -- long, sprawling, somewhat ungainly, but justifiably sure of its power.
fresh	The movie expands, breathtakingly, into mordant humor, impenetrable mystery, ferocious satire and classic tragedy.
fresh	A film of heartbreak and humor, which tells a story of considerable size and weight...yet despite its ambitions there is not an ounce of pretense.
fresh	No movie called 'Leviathan' that's not about a sea alien eating Daniel Stern (or about fish) should be this nimble.
fresh	What emerges is a Putin-offending critique of how the power-abusing state and the power-worshipping church collude to create millions of Jobs.
fresh	Bleak and relentless as well as impeccably made, biblical in its name as well as its moral outrage at the powerlessness of the individual in the face of unchecked authority, "Leviathan" is dealing with nothing less than the current state of Russia's soul.
fresh	Man's futile struggle. The grim indifference of the universe. Happy New Year.
fresh	Many conversations start and end around a kitchen table. Why, then, should we be left with such an impression of grandeur, limitless suffering, and wrath?
fresh	Haunting, emotionally devastating, thought-provoking and deeply human despite that it's overlong and very slow-paced.
fresh	Though it takes place in a small town and involves only a handful of characters, the Russian drama "Leviathan" has a feeling of expansiveness, even grandeur.
fresh	Despite flashes of absurdist comedy from some secondary characters, the movie closes around you like the fist it protests and laments.
fresh	Filled with a desolate beauty.
fresh	Director Andrey Zvyagintsev's film combines allegory, brutal melodrama, black humor and strikingly beautiful compositions, each frame dense with meaning.
fresh	[Director Andrey] Zvyagintsev spins a compelling story with unexpected twists and turns and startling cinematic moments.
fresh	The heart and soul of Leviathan is Serebriakov's Kolia, who carries deep sorrow in his eyes and on his shoulders, even as he fends off defeat for longer than you'd imagine possible.
fresh	This is really a movie about a feeling, or really, about a lack of feeling - about what happens to people in a dominant culture of bullying and abuse, when they have no escape except what's inside the next bottle, no options except not waking up.
fresh	Leviathan is another downer, but it's considerably looser and livelier than its predecessors, verging at times on black comedy.
fresh	A bleak, beautiful, and bitterly funny parable of post-Soviet Russia.
fresh	A subtle look at corruption in Russia.
fresh	Director Andrey Zvyagintsev puts contemporary Russia, as up-to-the-minute as Putin and Pussy Riot, under the microscope. Leviathan is a stupendous piece of work that transcends language and borders.
fresh	Andrey Zvyagintsev never loses sight of the humans, who're allowed to display improvisatory behavior that deepens the majesty of the rigorously orchestrated tableaus.
fresh	Like so many Russian works of art, this is bleak, bleak stuff. You might want that four-way vodka by the end.
fresh	A modern classic weaving together rich characters, witty satire, thriller elements and political bite. Among the finest films of 2014, look for it to show up on several best-of-the-year lists.
fresh	A symbolic portrait of a state that puts bureaucracy before community, it's as sobering as a week-long hangover.
fresh	The pitiless way Zvyagintsev metes out punishments to all is savage.
fresh	It's visceral, rebellious fare.
fresh	The pleasure of the film lies in its forensic skill at unpicking the intersecting layers of governmental corruption and calumny that doom the working class from the outset.
fresh	It's certainly impressive, if not quite as earth-shattering, or hilarious, as some would have you believe.
fresh	At 141 minutes, this Russian-language film set in a remote fishing village could certainly be shorter, but it couldn't be very much better, or more powerful.
fresh	The wonder of Andrey Zvyagintsev's brilliant new film is that it works both as a Chekhov-style family tragedy and as an extremely barbed satire exposing corruption in contemporary Russia.
fresh	Leviathan has the heft of a proper, old-fashioned Russian novel.
fresh	Stunningly shot and superbly acted, especially by Madyanov, this is film-making on a grand scale.
fresh	Watching this staggeringly well-made Russian drama is like reading a great novel: it leaves you feeling changed at the end.
fresh	The cold beauty of setting and themes leave a lasting wonder.
fresh	It's a bleak but compassionate, glancingly comic and often satirically incendiary work about the pyramid structure of Russian corruption, with the little guy crushed helplessly beneath, and God, or at least the orthodox Church, perched on top.
fresh	[Leviathan] presents modern Russia as a country rotten to its core - corrupt, hypocritical and godless.
fresh	Brimming with emotion, unflinchingly tense, and often darkly, painfully funny, this is a film possessed of both classic sweep and sharp contemporary relevance.
fresh	This is a whale of a movie, grotesque and a little bloated but impossible to ignore.
fresh	Frustrating, funny at points, heartbreaking and quite magnificently shot throughout, Leviathan is one of the films of the year.
fresh	If there was ever any doubt as to Zvyagintsev's position as one of world cinema's foremost auteurs, it's put to rest here.
fresh	Zvyagintsev has crafted a fairly damning portrait of secular and religious power in Russia, and some of the images are quite powerful, particularly near the end.
fresh	The end result is a film that, after offering a number of potentially heroic narratives, takes pleasure in undercutting each of their claims to supremacy.
fresh	An unassuming small town social drama with big, urgent themes in its bones, Leviathan finds the much needed humanity in a story of dispiriting corruption.
fresh	This feels immediate and urgent, in addition to being a trenchant and tough-minded tragedy. It's depressing, but with such a believable cast, it's oddly uplifting.
fresh	17th Century English political philosophy meets 21st Century Russian fury in Andrey Zvyagintsev's bone-rattling epic, Leviathan.
fresh	The sweeping seascapes and beauty of the landscape the director captures are a hymn to this troubled and troubling country.
fresh	One leaves in little doubt that Zvyagintsev is one of our era's true masters.
rotten	The film doesn't have enough faith in itself to let the story, visuals, and atmosphere speak for themselves.
rotten	How ironic that a movie proclaiming to be all about love ends up having no heart.
rotten	There's little magic in this latest from Lucas.
fresh	The animation, which has a look of Arthur Rackham mixed with Maxfield Parrish, is fluid, visually striking and, for some strange reason, vaguely alarming. All in all, there are far worse family movies.
fresh	The best Lucas film in 25 years: funny, idiosyncratic, hippy-dippy, packed with creatures and visions worth beholding.
rotten	Uneven animated musical is stranger than it is magical.
rotten	By the time the film's ending upends traditional conventions with its unlikely couplings, you're too distracted to fully appreciate the chutzpah, instead cringing at the opening chords of "Wild Thing."
rotten	Supposedly inspired by Shakespeare's A Midsummer Night's Dream, "Strange Magic" is such a mishmash of other better movies -- mostly Beauty and the Beast and Epic -- that it fails to develop its own personality.
rotten	Let's just say it's a bizarre, bad 'Dream.'
fresh	I couldn't help falling in love with 'Strange Magic.' It's one of the most delightful animated musicals I've ever seen. Great songs , a fun story and fascinating animation. Yay!
fresh	How's this for the movie poster? Strange Magic isn't as awful as its trailer suggests...
rotten	Strange Magic plunges directly into its convoluted plot without pausing to create a reason viewers should care about any of the characters going through the convolutions.
fresh	Strange Magic is not remotely in the same class as Frozen or Maleficent, but does deliver a pop medley fueled lesson on the meaning of true love.
rotten	The moral of the story is that looks don't matter. But in animation, looks do matter, and even a sweet romance and fun tunes cannot overcome the clunkiness of its design.
fresh	While it's frankly weird & somewhat jarring at first, if you can wrap your head around the concept & accept it's not really a film for smaller kids nor for older teens, but for those somewhere in-between, you might find something to enjoy here after all.
rotten	Strange Magic may be a pretty picture that the kids can sing along to, but within the larger spectrum of animated features it is pretty forgettable.
rotten	At best, it is a tunefully cheerful collection of pop songs with decent animation. At worst, it is a meandering and dull hour and forty minutes of musical theatre that will be grating to anybody over the age of seven.
rotten	bound to be the House of Mouse's first big screen disaster of 2015
rotten	Pity poor Wood, Cumming, Kelly, Palladio and the rest of these actors. (Full Content Review -- Sex, Profanity, Violence, etc. -- for Parents also available)
rotten	It instantly rates as one of the most dismal animations ever released under the Disney umbrella.
rotten	From the mind of George Lucas...ahem.
rotten	Skip this messed-up computer animated fantasy and purchase the soundtrack instead.
rotten	Strange Magic isn't very magical, but it sure is strange.
rotten	Wasting potential to be a kooky but grand journey into love and honor on musical ambitions better left on Lucas's encouragingly varied iTunes playlists.
rotten	Strange Magic is the kind of computer-animated film that makes you wish that hand-drawn animation could make a comeback, and soon.
rotten	If you're a hardcore animation person with not-very-demanding children you might take a chance.
rotten	I know we're talking about fairy tales here. But why does the king, who resembles a cockroach and talks like a Scot, have a mother who seems to be a slug and talks like a Jewish-mother joke?
rotten	Strange Magic isn't a good movie, but it's the kind of bad movie thats existence you can at least feel okay about.
rotten	Said to be inspired by "A Midsummer Night's Dream," the film plays more like "Avatar" scored to a karaoke competition.
rotten	A noxious cauldron of ingredients that shouldn't have been mixed: fairies, Shakespeare and classic rock.
rotten	"Strange Magic," the new animated musical fairy tale from the mind and the mixtape of George Lucas, is indeed strange. What's missing is the magic.
rotten	A jaw-droppingly terrible animated musical that mismatches George Lucas' inane story about a pair of fairy princesses to an oddball selection of the "Star Wars'' creator's favorite pop tunes.
rotten	One of the most stunningly beautiful bargain bin, straight-to-DVD releases of all time.
rotten	On the surface, [it] has all the makings of a fantasy cult classic: strange characters, musical interludes and a Jim Henson-like flair. Too bad the plot, music and jokes are lackluster. At most, it'll make you want to watch another, better fantasy film.
rotten	Makes The Phantom Menace look like The Empire Strikes Back.
rotten	The plot movement feels very much like an unpleasant formality, shoved forward by tiresome devices.
rotten	Strange Magic is an effective argument against the predominance of computer animation as the current industry standard.
rotten	Strange Magic is strange all right, but hardly magical.
fresh	The movie maintains its own level of oddball invention that at least feels pleasantly removed from the grind of big-studio cartoon manufacturing. At times, it's surprisingly messy for a mainstream animated feature.
rotten	I think Lucas and Rydstrom were earnestly trying to make something different for little girls. It gives me no great pleasure to report that they have mostly failed.
fresh	I've not completely fallen in love with "Strange Magic," but it did in its own way cast a spell.
fresh	"Strange Magic" is a movie that's easier to appreciate and admire than to actually swoon over. Not bad for an orphan.
rotten	Reads wack on paper and plays only slightly less wack on screen
rotten	The eerie wood was exquisitely designed. Disastrously, what goes on there suggests a Californian mall during spring break.
rotten	As juvenile and frivolous a wish-fulfillment fantasy as one might expect from the visionary behind the lightsaber and Princess Leia hogtied to Jabba the Hut.
rotten	Strange Magic is rambunctious without being lively -- and "magical" without being very magical.
rotten	A shrill, garish hodgepodge of familiar elements from other animated vehicles (most evidently 2013's Epic), there's virtually nothing about this forced, fractured fairy tale that feels remotely fresh or involving.
rotten	This noisy, unappealing children's fantasy fails to distinguish itself among January's many, many reasons to steer clear of the multiplex.
rotten	That terrible character design, combined with a painful lack of laughs and a crushing plethora of ghastly songs, makes "Strange Magic" perhaps the worst animated feature ever to come out of Disney.
rotten	... strips down the Bard's narrative and ramps up the sex and violence, which is fine, but as with other such projects, the anachronistic dialogue is awkward and the storytelling is muddled and convoluted.
fresh	What we get-a bitty and begrimed romance-has a lyrical sway of its own, and, even if some of the cast seem lost in the lines, Hawke returns to save the day, and the movie.
rotten	Almereyda never gives us a reason why this particular Shakespeare story is relevant for today, and thus worthy of being retold. Perhaps he watched too much Sons of Anarchy?
rotten	"Cymbeline" doesn't display any type of storytelling fluidity, lurching from scene to scene, barely making character connections as the production fights to preserve the iconic language while letting the rest of the effort slip into a coma.
fresh	Dakota Johnson (Fifty Shades of Grey) is remarkably good in her role, as is Hawke in the nastily playful, Iago-like role of Iachimo.
rotten	A conceptually weak and dramatically muddled mess that has acquired a game and good cast and then given them precious little to do.
rotten	If too many filmmakers try to amp up the excitement in Shakespeare with movie magic, Almereyda goes to the opposite extreme in Cymbeline.
rotten	A mash-up of social media shortcomings and Shakespearean tragedy that becomes as much a tale of cinematic ambition gone awry as anything the Bard intended.
rotten	The film has moments of real wit and stylish brutality, but its nods to modernity (motorcycles, iPads, Google) just feel like self-conscious stunts.
fresh	"Cymbeline" has been branded a tragedy, a tragicomedy and a romance, and Mr. Almereyda embraces all three categories. The movie is by turns grim, grimly amusing and romantic, sometimes at once.
rotten	[Shakespeare's Cymbeline is] given a distinctly contemporary sheen that almost makes it seem fresh, which is not-unfortunately-the same thing as coherent.
fresh	Almereyda tackles one of the Bard's lesser-regarded later works, the plot-heavy tragicomedy Cymbeline, and again unearths untold depths.
fresh	If this willfully peculiar and daring "Cymbeline" isn't to all tastes, it brings back the blood, the thrills and the sense of moral discovery to a long-neglected work.
rotten	Almereyda's sweeping cuts take material that was already problematic and render it almost nonsensical.
fresh	It unfolds like a tragedy, gradually shedding all its armor until it winds up, naked and a little crazy, as something of a comedy. But all this madness has a purpose, as Almereyda shows us.
rotten	Director Michael Almereyda's ambition is admirable, but his grim and gristly modernization of Cymbeline rings almost entirely false.
rotten	The source material, which is convoluted even by Shakespeare's narratively dexterous standards, is admittedly a tough nut for a filmmaker to crack.
rotten	If nothing else, this film made me want to see more Shakespeare and if it has this effect on audiences, then Almereyda is to be commended.
rotten	Perhaps this is what they mean by "problem play". In Michael Almereyda's new adaptation of Cymbeline, one of William Shakespeare's more troublesome works, almost nothing seems to click.
rotten	"Cymbeline" has been teleported from the past with its fundamental problems unaddressed, and as soon as Google does a redesign or the next gen iPhone comes out, it's going to look as anachronistic as Ed Harris' tragic leather jacket.
fresh	The film dazzles with its colors and textures, practically worshipping those jet-black leather jackets, while letting Ed Harris' eyes express what no monologue possibly could.
rotten	Primarily, what this moody contemporary update does is expose the play as a second-rate Romeo and Juliet that just wasn't made for these times.
fresh	A consistently funny spoof.
rotten	Zombeavers isn't as glorious as Sharknado, but that's only because it's confined to a smaller area with fewer victims to chew on.
fresh	A relentlessly-cheesy B-flick far funnier than it is frightening.
fresh	The final 20-30 minutes is the film's strongest portion, however, because that's when things unexpectedly go off the rails of convention and into a delightfully weird territory.
fresh	Delivers a fair amount of nudity and gore, and a few laughs, and wraps the whole thing up in a brief 77 minutes.
fresh	Campy, dumb, silly and outrageous---the vein of a Roger Corman film.
rotten	It's better than 'Sharknado,' but that's not a good enough reason to give Zombeavers a try.
fresh	Rubin provides a reasonable sense of mayhem with his tiny, undead stars, only missing a true daredevil instinct when it comes to assembling a jokey nightmare.
rotten	It's just not much of a movie.
fresh	An intermittently diverting stew of low-budget effects and potty-mouth humor.
rotten	A comedy that sounds much funnier than it actually is.
fresh	A film that disgusts, terrifies and tickles in equal measure with grotesque creatures and a sickening sense of humor.
fresh	This is a satire that knows when to surprise.
fresh	If you sat through the Zombeavers trailer and chuckled at the concept, let me assure you that Jordan Rubin delivers bucktoothed carnage exactly as advertised.
fresh	Kkudos to the filmmakers for opting to use practical effects rather than 100% CGI, which would have been easier to do but also easier for viewers to dismiss out of hand.
rotten	Obviously aiming for camp cult status, but unlike the beavers the makers don't have the chops to pull it off.
fresh	The world's population can safely be divided into two camps: those eager to see a movie called Zombeavers and, well, everyone else. The former may well find themselves satisfied by Jordan Rubin's feature debut.
fresh	Great fun! The film works as both an original spin on the zombie myth and as a satire of the undead genre's tropes.
fresh	Director Jordan Rubin and the cast know the material is ridiculous, but calibrate the tone so that the dangers still feels dangerous.
rotten	A mildly entertaining movie that lacks the beaver bite required of such material.
fresh	The title of Zombeavers alone gives potential viewers a pretty good idea of whether they'd want to see it or not.
fresh	It's clever, witty, and over the top horror comedy that mixes nature run amok movies with the zombie sub-genre.
fresh	Zombeavers is both outrageous and genuine; well, mostly. It takes its simple premise to the furthest possible conclusion, offering laughs, blood and surprises along the way.
rotten	[Jordan] Rubin and screenwriting partners Al and Jon Kaplan wait too long to unleash their beasties.
rotten	Rarely as enjoyable as its title might've indicated...
rotten	a one-joke film - and the joke is in the title.
fresh	If I'm to be the only one, I'll jump up and proudly say I'm on team Zombeaver. It's some of the most fun I've had in a theatre all year, and it provides a terrific time if you'll give it and its hairy creatures a chance to get under your skin.
fresh	It may well be something of a one-joke film, but is a great joke and one that gets nicely stretched out, though in admittedly familiar fashion.
rotten	This is a movie about zombie beavers, and beaver zombies. What more, exactly, do you need to know?
rotten	"Before I Disappear" would be a better movie if would-be triple-threat talent Shawn Christensen got out of his own way.
rotten	The self-indulgent screenplay doesn't commit to its quirky deadpan humor and never generates enough narrative momentum to warrant feature expansion.
rotten	"Before I Disappear" suffers from a bland, disinterested tone. In the end, few will care when all of these people disappear.
rotten	Before I Disappear is ultimately hampered not by a messy plot but by bland characters who, for the most part, don't so much talk to each other as they monologue at each other.
fresh	It has the unfortunate taste of something lean that's been plumped up with empty calories.
rotten	"Before I Disappear" isn't a bad freshman effort, but it doesn't offer anything to set it apart from dozens of other indie dramedies.
rotten	"Before I Disappear" wears its big, aching heart on its sleeve with a sincerity so unwavering that it's borderline goofy. And in a film about a burnout bonding with a cute kid, that lack of self-awareness proves critical.
rotten	As a director, Christensen operates at two settings: Drippy Sentimentality and Miserablist Hopelessness.
rotten	Throughout the movie, you have the feeling of being dragged along on an impromptu journey by a filmmaker who is traveling without the benefit of a GPS device.
rotten	The 90-minute expansion of an Oscar-winning short chooses art over heart, and lacks the emotional conviction of its progenitor.
rotten	Perhaps the screenplay was written to mimic the main character's doped-out dissociative state, but it feels more like a collection of disconnected set-pieces than a cohesive film of its own.
rotten	It's hard to take hectoring parent Emmy Rossum seriously, and there's too much troubling development tucked into a plot that already feels overextended. A surfeit of last-act explanations doesn't help either.
rotten	What makes this minefield of sphincter-clenching sassy bons mots even harder to stomach is the uninspired photography, which impassionedly pleads for significance through use of slow motion, bokeh-effect streetlights, and close-ups.
fresh	An enchanting, gritty and funny short becomes a feature film with its charms intact.
rotten	The result is predictably, frustratingly bloated and meandering, even as the short's charms remain largely intact.
rotten	Even at its most compelling, it remains inconsistent and superfluous, a lesson that sometimes a movie can feel more fully formed in 19 minutes rather than 90.
fresh	Before I Disappear shows a lot of promise for the cast and actor/writer/director Christensen.
fresh	Although Before I Disappear bears the undeniable stamp of padding, Christensen wisely expands on the kaleidoscopic energy of the short, not its formulaic underpinnings.
fresh	The result is a dark yet poignant drama about depression and drug addiction captured in both form and content, as Christensen creates a surreal, melancholic tone through lighting and camerawork.
fresh	Stylish and beautifully shot.
fresh	There's no doubting the craftsmanship behind it, even as the movie struggles to assemble the echoes of its earlier iteration into a greater whole.
fresh	The script is beautifully written with realistic dialogue that never misses a beat. Each actor works in sync with the others and all are outstanding.
rotten	Before I Disappear is the sort of movie that can't stop reminding you how cruel the world is and how messed up its people are.
rotten	This is a posey, abrasive drama, though one that's stylishly made and acted with more conviction than the script merits.
fresh	Overall this is a gripping, non-judgmental look at a young girl finding herself in the toughest circumstances.
fresh	As with her previous film Tomboy, writer/director Sciamma demonstrates an acute sensitivity to the complications of growing up female.
fresh	From the opening montage of Marieme and other girls playing American football in full uniform, "Girlhood" resonates as something special.
fresh	"Girlhood" is about as grim as movies get, but it's showing something real, and Sciamma has a feel for this period of life, the camaraderie, the jokes, the kinds of conflicts, the panic and the hope.
fresh	French film offers bleak, affecting look at troubled teen.
fresh	The film's biggest strength lies in Sciamma's magic touch with young actresses: the cast of first-timers give uniformly excellent performances, with Karidja Toure and Assa Sylla in particular showing a real star quality.
fresh	Director Sciamma uses an uncommonly light touch in depicting Marieme's gradual transformation from an unformed blank slate into a self-assured girl who doesn't always make the right decisions in the process of figuring herself out.
fresh	Sciamma (Water Lilies, Tomboy) gets unaffected performances from her non-professional cast.
fresh	"Girlhood" is a mesmerizing exercise in the enlightenment that can happen when a filmmaker shifts the male cinematic gaze ever so slightly and uncovers what looks like a whole new world.
fresh	These new friends may be a bad influence on Marieme, but Sciamma's understated screenplay suggests they may be a necessary influence; she needs to step sideways, before she can step forward.
fresh	Through Girlhood, Celine Sciamma captures the emotional minefield of adolescence and, more specifically, the intensity of female friendship, with a visceral blow to wherever those memories lay dormant.
fresh	We feel for [Vic], deeply, and hope that her final, ambiguous act is one of hope.
fresh	Beautifully observed, precisely directed and acted with wonderful conviction, it pulls us into the life of its protagonist in a deeply involving way.
fresh	Physical force governs every relationship in Girlhood.
fresh	Throughout "Girlhood" the malignant energy that results from having a scary home life never entirely dissipates. Yet the story allows for a full array of emotional peaks and valleys.
fresh	About a million times better than Boyhood.
fresh	The cinematic equivalent of slumming around the City of Lights' seamy underbelly.
fresh	A sequel, please.
fresh	[VIDEO ESSAY] 2015 Has its First Great Film of the Year!
fresh	"Save for a few standout scenes of carefree elation and daring camaraderie, 'Girlhood' is largely a grim and stilted study of oppression."
fresh	Girlhood is a remarkable film that neither casts judgment on its characters nor does it offer a tidy ending to Marieme's problems.
fresh	A powerful and entertaining film about a gang of girls, and what friendship means, the protection it provides.
fresh	While "Girlhood" is sad and wrenching, it doesn't feel like a misery-mongering expression of high-minded (and therefore condescending) concern.
rotten	Sciamma deserves all credit for filling [a] vacuum. By its end, though, Girlhood, by comparison, feels like the work of a sympathetic outsider who can't resist working her own agenda.
fresh	It seems to be trying to bottle up a period in teenage years when the self feels scarily and thrillingly in flux - when one's young version is torched, making way for another.
fresh	Sciamma has a particular gift for spectacular opening scenes.
fresh	Writer-director Celine Sciamma expertly places her characters in that nebulous region between child and adult.
fresh	[A] vibrant portrait of a teenage girl (Karidja Toure) who joins a female gang as an escape from her life in the projects.
fresh	Sciamma's touch is lighter and more nuanced in Girlhood, which refuses to pin any of its characters down, even in their vacillations.
rotten	Drama of a female teen and her gang in a tough Paris project delivers some fine acting but is wobbly in its story of the young heroine's sad journey into an ugly early adulthood.
fresh	The movie's an empathetic triumph.
fresh	Celine Sciamma's third film has all the quiet determination and punchy life force of its magnetic 16-year-old heroine.
fresh	Celine Sciamma's Girlhood advances the French helmer's obsession with how society attempts to force teenage girls into familiar categories, when the individuals themselves don't conform so easily.
fresh	Where many filmmakers would have underlined the bleaker, harsher aspects, Girlhood presents the characters' grim reality without surrendering its lightness of touch, its compassion or its hope.
rotten	Girlhood is so keyed to the minutiae of its teenage protagonists' lives, it's as if the film can't stop itself from behaving like they do.
fresh	The refreshing camaraderie on display from this group of energetic teen girls will sadly evolve into a life of menial jobs and perhaps incarceration.
fresh	... highlights the prejudices operative within the local crime culture: It may be tough to be a black man in Paris, but it's even tougher to be a black teenage woman who doesn't fit the mold.
fresh	Opening explosively with a night-time all-female game of American football set to the hypnotically urgent electro-goth of Light Asylum's 'Dark Allies', Girlhood daringly stakes out new territory for French director Celine Sciamma.
fresh	Girlhood is a blast of oxygen to the coming-of-age genre, with bold direction and a sublime turn from actor Karidja Toure.
fresh	Girlhood is a fascinatingly layered, textured film that manages to be both a lament for sweetness lost and a celebration of wisdom and identity gained, often at the very same moment.
fresh	Set in the temperate forests of south central China near the Himalayas, it presents the elusive, introverted giants with a sharp focus on facts and conservation.
fresh	Just because the subject matter is cute, don't think that 'Pandas: The Journey Home' is for little kids. It's about a highly organized, scientific initiative to save a vanishing creature that's arguably one of the cutest inhabitants of the world.
fresh	You get the feeling there's much more to this relationship than we've been shown, but for fans of Refn's work, the documentary makes for a provocative portrait of an artist racked by angst.
fresh	Director Liv Corfixen stays conspicuously absent throughout, hiding behind the lens as Refn oscillates wildly between moods.
fresh	Strictly for Refn fans, especially those like me trying to figure out where he went astray.
fresh	What's here elevates what could be a relatively uninteresting on-set diary to a concise look at different artists balancing different goals.
fresh	it is shot by Refn's wife, Liv Corfixen, as a sort of home (away from home) movie, focused far less on Refn's shoot than on her own at times difficult domestic life with a husband who is also a full-time filmmaker and a demanding neurotic depressive.
rotten	It doesn't have anything interesting to say, but it shows some neat stuff about movie making. My Life Directed by Nicolas Winding Refn's only real problem is its subject.
fresh	A mildly insightful and intimate peak behind the curtain, but it's ultimately more potatoes than meat.
rotten	It feels supplemental more than essential.
fresh	The pulverizing My Life Directed by Nicolas Winding Refn has given me a newfound respect for Only God Forgives.
rotten	With a running time of one hour, "My Life" probably should have just been a special feature on the "Only God Forgives" DVD.
rotten	Suggests the sacrifices required of those who live in an artist's orbit, but it fails to offer what groupies surely want, which is insight into Refn's creative process.
rotten	This could have been one of the great behind-the-scenes movie documentaries, a mini-marvel that could rest alongside "Heart of Darkness" or "Burden of Dreams." Instead, it's a fluffy, nearly-feature-length electronic press kit, with way more neuroses.
rotten	The stakes are low -- nobody died, nobody divorced, nobody's career ended...Why was this made, again?
fresh	Corfixen documents her husband's creative process as well as his mental state, which comes in two basic modes: confidently inspired and nervously despondent.
fresh	Clocking in at just under an hour, the substance of My Life Directed by Nicolas Winding Refn is fleeting but fascinating.
fresh	Brief but insightful, My Life Directed By Nicolas Winding Refn is a compelling account of a modern auteur struggling to commit his ambitious yet agonizingly abstract ideas to celluloid.
fresh	I always meant to give Only God Forgives a second chance... but now I've seen the film about the making of Only God Forgives twice.
rotten	Writer-director Liv Corfixen works harder to coddle Drive director Refn, her husband and subject, than she does to get inside his head.
rotten	Behind-the-scenes portraits don't come much more superficial than My Life Directed by Nicolas Winding Refn.
rotten	My Life Directed is mostly disposable, just the sort of home-movie project a restless artist might sketch while stuck in a hotel room for a few months.
fresh	Throughout the picture, Corfixen's relationship with her subject renders this a more than usually complicated work.
fresh	A rather touching portrait of a young woman's human growth, laced with a salutary number of small yet piquant observations along the way.
fresh	Kiley is mostly successful at keeping Hallmark banalities at bay, relating Cora's crime in a series of tense flashbacks and populating the film with funny characters played by a top-notch cast.
rotten	"Dial a Prayer" doesn't work.
fresh	I recommend Dial A Prayer for its actors - Snow is well-cast, Macy is of course golden in every single thing he does, and the supporting cast is likeable - and a story that's got a good message yet is not overly preachy in delivering it.
rotten	Dial a Prayer is earnest and sincere, and it has a stellar performance from its lead actress, yet lacks the punch to make the kind of inspiring impact it's clearly aiming for.
fresh	Just edgy enough to be interesting, maybe too edgy to qualify as a faith-based drama.
fresh	Purposefully frustrating Yankee-Go-Home pamphlet
rotten	Like a flashlight that's running low on juice, you can feel the life oozing out of Nightlight with every faint flicker.
fresh	A mixed-bag variation on found-footage horror, with creepily atmospheric moments as well as too much mood-killing blabber.
rotten	The Blair Witch Project has inspired dozens of imitations and knock-offs, but perhaps none so close to the source -- and yet so uninspired -- as NIGHTLIGHT.
rotten	"Nightlight" is a perfect example of a film with interesting ideas that are totally smothered by poor execution.
rotten	"When does this end?" a terrified Robin asks. It's a valid question.
rotten	While the premise is as absurd as it sounds, it does buck the trend of recent found-footage films that defy their internal logic with parts not produced by cameras available within the story.
fresh	It effortlessly finds more engaging interplay and laughs amongst its handful of tiny, wordless characters than the entire cast of most recent smart-mouthed US animation efforts.
rotten	Over the course of 90-odd minutes its charm wears very, very thin.
fresh	While rudimentary, this insect-centric toon spares audiences the celeb wisecracks and overkill antics of other bug-based pics.
fresh	A dialogue-free bug saga carried along by brilliant sound effects, an epic score and delightful animation in the service of an incredibly basic yet endlessly inventive story.
fresh	Costa-Gavras's vision of horror as 'a mere formality'
rotten	...a stagy and wholly uninvolving mess that's something of a chore to sit through.
fresh	...if the storytelling is a bit loose, it's more than made up for by the splendid cinematography of Piers McGrail and O'Malley's knowing exploitation of horror tropes.
fresh	Debut director Brian O'Malley has crafted an intriguing horror flick that, aside from a few cheap scares, attempts to avoid tired cliches.
rotten	The characters in 'The Loft' are so despicable you won't care about what happens to any of them.
fresh	As so often in such locked-room whodunnits, the solution is both simple and complicated, and quite satisfying.
rotten	Talented cast is wasted in sleazy, violent erotic thriller.
rotten	Erotic thrillers are a time-tested genre, but this effort, scripted by Wesley Strick, is neither erotic nor thrilling.
rotten	Despite a strong, recognizable cast, The Loft comes off a sterile, second-rate thriller more suited for the direct-to-video route.
rotten	This new iteration proves such a dour hodgepodge of bad behavior, bald-faced misogyny and ping-ponging alliances, it's more alienating than alluring.
rotten	The Loft is a film that can't decide what it wants. It's a male fantasy, and a cautionary tale. It's sleazy in concept, and timid in execution. It punishes its protagonists for their transgressions, then lets them off the hook.
rotten	There's no redeeming this softcore nonsense, which plays like a script that Storage Wars stumbled across in Joe Eszterhas's old locker.
fresh	The twisty plot translates to any culture where swinging-d--- businessmen cheat on their wives -- which is to say, any culture.
rotten	The most startling thing about it is that anyone thought this story needed telling a third time -- and not just one anyone, but a group of them had to come to this crackpot conclusion.
rotten	The Loft's boorish leads aren't sensible enough to be worth caring about, making the film's character-driven conclusion feel like a self-defeating cop-out.
rotten	Whodunit? Even the filmmakers don't seem quite sure. A waste of a perfectly good premise.
fresh	If you like movies that keep you in the dark until the reveal then this is a movie you want to see. Believe me, it is so much better than you think it is going to be.
fresh	Smug, cynical, sleazy and reasonably entertaining. The sort of disposable, high-end junk that can only belong to January - a psychosexual-thriller spin on "The Hangover." When it comes to winking trash, there are crummier pads in which to crash.
rotten	Predictably, some items planted early in the film ... pop up in the third act with all the subtlety of a blast from Chekhov's gun.
rotten	horrible and hackneyed
rotten	It really is a shame to see talented actors doing such a mind numbing and dull feature.
rotten	Hollywood adds to its trend of awful throwbacks to trashy '90s movies with "The Loft."
rotten	The Loft is a prime example of a movie that does not trust the rather elegant simplicity of its premise.
rotten	There are so many flaws that it becomes impossible to ignore the bad and focus on the good elements.
rotten	The more we get to know this crew, the harder it is to care about any of them; the men are all portrayed as lecherous horndogs, while the women are either shrews, ice queens or self-professed whores.
rotten	...offers so many shifty glances and shifting allegiances that it nearly qualifies as a tongue-in-cheek parody of the modern erotic thriller.
rotten	The amount of double-crosses, betrayals, red herrings, possible suspects, possible motives, twists, and turns becomes quite ludicrous. (Full Content Review -- Sex, Profanity, Violence, etc. -- for Parents also available)
rotten	Not so much a whodunit as a whocareswhodunit...clear out a space on the 'Le Bad Cinema' shelf for this turkey.
rotten	Dim, sleazy, and poorly made, the feature (which was shot in 2011) comes across laughable at times, doing an alarmingly thorough job making decent actors look bad and heterosexuality look worse.
rotten	Whatever fun there might be in the guesswork is wiped away by the realization that Van Looy has made a puzzle for a puzzle's sake, to no discernible thematic end.
rotten	The Loft is a tawdry, twisty little whodunit, populated by unpleasant people doing even more unpleasant things.
rotten	A shabby bore that promises viewers any number of kinky thrills and then proceeds to deflate those expectations.
rotten	Blah!
rotten	Dissipating with every turn of the screw and ending in an undeservedly too-nice, too-neat denouement, "The Loft" is akin to a hollow shell&#151;attractive on the outside, and empty where it counts.
rotten	Hitchcockian? Hitchcopying. Stylishly inferior.
rotten	It's as nasty as its heroes, and isn't competent enough to know it.
rotten	"Da Sweet Blood of Jesus" is a bold but wildly uneven, bloody mess of a film, sunk in large part by the subpar performances by nearly every major character in nearly every major role.
rotten	Never once does the film feel sharp on black identity (as did Bill Gunn's original), and the terror is theoretical only.
rotten	Thought-provoking but slow "vampire" movie from Spike Lee.
rotten	The film's execution doesn't serve its subject matter, making it feel more like an affected thesis than an effective work of art.
rotten	A curio that will likely only appeal to Spike Lee's most devoted fans - or those that contributed to the Kickstarter campaign that financed it.
rotten	It's clear Lee has some inexplicable love for the source material but he doesn't give us any reason to feel the same way.
rotten	... an audacious but muddled character study that nevertheless proves the veteran filmmaker can never be easily dismissed.
fresh	The film is a hypnotically nightmarish mood piece more than anything else; it makes sense and yet doesn't make sense, in the way that dreams do and don't make sense.
rotten	Spike Lee makes some interesting creative choices, but his film lacks a pulse.
fresh	Unrepentant, uneven and unique, "Da Sweet Blood of Jesus" proves that Lee can still make a film worthy of the arguments it will most certainly start.
fresh	Da Sweet Blood of Jesus is a mess, but it's the kind of mess only one of our greatest filmmakers could make.
rotten	...less eerily disorienting than disjointed.
rotten	A strange brew that mixes an addiction for blood and the cross of Jesus in a wandering story that turns sour
rotten	While this return to indie roots frees up Lee's often gifted image making, his usual pace issues and penchant for jagged flourish over sustained feeling keep it from achieving a rich, strange, sexy and sad whole.
rotten	Lee's remake offers an irritating pace, contains no likable characters, and its scorchy, sexually explicit scenes lack the teasing titillation associated with the exploitation cinema [of the 1970s].
fresh	It's not especially horrifying, or even very thought-provoking. It is touching, however, because it represents one frequently misunderstood, intermittently great filmmaker's tribute to another.
rotten	This isn't just a tribute to Gunn but a commentary on independent filmmaking today, though watching it without knowing its source material might feel like listening to one end of a conversation.
rotten	"Da Sweet Blood Of Jesus" is original and unique, there's nothing like it out there. But if I had my druthers, I'd keep it that way.
fresh	It's tempting to call the film muddled and be done with it, but there's an inventiveness and beauty to Lee's visuals here ... and an experimentation in the execution that's hard to ignore.
fresh	With no one breathing down Lee's neck, it's free to zoom all over the place - from seriousness to high comedy to weird comedy to quietly anxious set pieces.
rotten	It's odd, and not a little disappointing, that a film contemplating the politics of eternal life should so woefully lack a recognizable pulse.
rotten	If you're going to do a remake of a movie you've got to ask yourself one question: Why? And hard as you look at the screen here, it's difficult to see Lee's answer.
rotten	A ponderous vampire romance that surely ranks among the writer-director's most sedate, immobile studies of black life in America.
fresh	"Sweet Blood" is idiosyncratic and sultry, simultaneously nodding to film conventions and striding boldly down its own path.
fresh	An interesting study in mashing up race and class stereotypes, though the film's rambling plot may leave your brain feeling a little mashed, too.
rotten	Spike Lee's low budget Da Sweet Blood of Jesus is a film about redemption that also needs its sins to be forgiven, despite some fascinating parallels.
rotten	Da Sweet Blood Of Jesus is the best kind of failure, impassioned and singular, but it's a failure all the same.
fresh	Free of studio meddling, Lee gets to wallow in the excessive violence and comedy typical of an old grindhouse film.
rotten	Exhibits all of Lee's weaknesses - clashing tones, careless pacing, the straightest dude's hand-in-pants idea of lesbianism - but also just enough of his might and madness that the Lee-minded shouldn't miss it.
fresh	Lee augments the hectic clash of violence and sex with the pressures of intellectual disputations and the unchallenged power of wealth.
rotten	What would Jesus do, Spike? Repent!
fresh	A dizzying hall-of-mirrors stunt, a horror remake as autobiographical X-ray, and a work of fantasy that serves as a decadently cleansing creative exorcism.
rotten	Given free rein by his fans' money, Lee has made a movie that's both uncompromising and often inexplicable.
fresh	Da Sweet Blood of Jesus is often a very mysterious, funny, and unnerving film. At other times, it feels like the best Lee could do with limited resources and a flurry of content.
fresh	Workman manages to hold your attention, but wanes on lasting impressions.
fresh	Workman clearly reveres Welles, but he's never reverent.
fresh	A dutiful but slightly dull celebration of the multitalented impresario ...
fresh	For newcomers eager to learn more about this all-time great filmmaker, it's a good place to start.
fresh	If you have more time and want to get into Welles on your own, an afternoon watching YouTube videos followed by a few evenings of watching his best movies might be even better.
fresh	A brisk, thoroughly entertaining overview of a life and career that film buffs already know by heart.
fresh	It's a fine introduction, if a bit slight for fans craving new insights.
rotten	For all of its, um, workmanlike assembly, Magician: The Astonishing Life and Work of Orson Welles is textbook. And given its charismatic subject, that's a real shame.
rotten	Anyone expecting a bracing vision about Orson Welles' life's work or a critique of that output will be disappointed.
fresh	Whatever its shortcomings, "Magician" accomplishes quite a bit as a corrective, and it also gives one an hour and a half in the company of Orson Welles.
rotten	A completely straightforward, wholly cookie cutter primer on an iconoclast who forged new forms of art. Does that make it unnecessary? Not at all.
fresh	If one has a need for another documentary on Orson Welles - there are already several on DVDs of his films - montage master Chuck Workman's footage-filled movie will ably fit the bill.
fresh	If this documentary is swift and witty, that's in part because it relies heavily on clips of Orson Welles talking. And oh, how Welles could talk ...
rotten	Lush-looking film clips energize this biographical profile of cinema's great enfant terrible, even if fresh insights remain elusive.
fresh	Workman has made a brisk, entertaining film, but there's material for whole documentaries in any given five-minute stretch of Magician.
fresh	...an absorbing, riveting look at a complex man who has become a Hollywood legend.
rotten	Workman's movie is low on new or lasting insight. It even pads with moments from more recent biopics ("RKO 281," "Me and Orson Welles"), and often leaves interview excerpts - from the living and the long-deceased - feeling too abbreviated.
fresh	Welles was many things and "Magician: The Astonishing Life and Work of Orson Welles" brings most of them together to form a many-faceted picture of a complicated man.
fresh	To a Welles aficionado the doc may seem like well-trod ground. But there's real power in the way Workman (also the sole credited editor) cuts all the material fleetly and acutely together.
fresh	While little here will be news to cineastes, the mix of interviews and archival footage... should engage fans while providing a fine introduction for those whose knowledge doesn't stretch beyond recognizing the words "Citizen Kane."
fresh	Magician adopts a lively, energetic approach in the worthy service of engaging the interest of viewers perhaps unfamiliar with Welles' life and work.
fresh	Assembled with flair, Magician: The Astonishing Life And Work Of Orson Welles is a lively and entertaining documentary that positively swings with informative forward momentum.
fresh	How could anybody with ears and a brain resist that buttery voice, spinning out clause-laden sentences that take more twists and turns than the streets of Venice but always end, somehow, in a place that's ravishingly articulate?
rotten	Like one of those machines that can inhale a car and spit out a tidy cube of squashed components, "Magician: The Astonishing Life and Work of Orson Welles" is a near-indigestible lump of clips and quips and snipped opinions.
fresh	This valuable documentary is the easiest, and in some cases only, way to appreciate the work of one of the medium's most accomplished artists.
rotten	Director Chuck Workman's simply compiles Welles's greatest moments, offering little in the way of an authorial point of view.
